Beware of this car dealership. Purchased a vehicle from Peter and less than 2 weeks the engine is failing along with many other major issues with the water pump and belts. Called and emailed Peter and his response was he as busy with other clients and it is my problem. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS DEALERSHIP!

Inquired about a car with a preapproval...and these bitches still ran my credit and put 4 hard inquiries on my credit report. Dont give these idiots your information. You might end up getting your identity jacked.

Craig

You are trying to spin it like I just showed up unannounced and the car was sold - this is far from the truth.

I phoned you the day 'after' visiting your shop - and explained that I was 'unwilling to drive the 2.5hrs to Seattle' and back without sealing a deal on the SUV - before committing to the drive.
Over the phone we agreed on the price, discussed the payment process and I indicated that I would be there in 2 hrs to close the deal.  This was a gentleman's agreement and I EXPECTED that you would honor your word for 2 hours.  I lived up to my end of the bargain - and arrived at your store - only to find out your word is worthless.

I would NOT recommend buying a vehicle from Auto Quest!

I bought a 1998 Ford from this dealership. To begin with, the owner of the dealership, Robert, was very rude and dismissive. He openly lied to me about the condition of the car and the time it would take for me to receive the number plates and title. He charged me more than the car was worth and the first day I took the car for a drive on the highway the transmission blew and I was put in a very unsafe situation in the middle of highway 5 in peak hour traffic. Of course there are risks involved with buying any used car and it is my fault for trusting such a character. I do encourage people to only buy cars with warranty from this man/dealership (or not at all) and expect to be treated poorly if you are not spending the big dollars. Overall, this experience has giving me less faith in humanity and has shattered my confidence. Very disappointing.

My wife and I had a terrible experience dealing with the Austin and Robert. I had called on behalf of my wife to finance a vehicle , being her first car, it was important to deal with someone we could trust. My wife did not have the best credit but had a co-signer to smooth things easier. On top of that we had 3 grand for a deposit if needed, usually first time buyers don't require something huge. I called and spoke with Austin about the vehicle that my wife had picked out. Austin then said, that it would be much easier just to fill a application online with the co-signer and they will call us when the vetted out their resources to secure a loan.Nothing could be further from the truth. We kept checking my wife's credit report and the co signers and no hard inquires were coming up. We sent the application in on December 26th 2015.   I told my wife to wait because it is the weekend and they have very few bankers they can wheel and deal with. So first thing Monday morning I called and spoke again with Austin, he said, he has not got to it and he will do it today and to expect a call from him that day,no calls or email came from Austin. On Tuesday, I called back and spoke with Robert, not knowing he was the finance guy and asked about our application, he then said, Austin is out with a potential buyer and he will have him call me. NO call, but we got an email and we had one hard inquiry hit from a financial institute. In the email he asked if we could get a cosigner for my wife, I had a dumbfounded look when my wife read this to me, I said explain to them "nicely" that they may have overlooked it on the application we filed because our cosigner information was there.   From here on then, it freefalls, now Dec. 30th we got no response, whatsoever! I called many times and was told by an automated machine to call another number, then that number had a message telling me to call another number this went on till the Jan 2nd 2016. I am more than just pissed off, given this was our first choice, I gave them the benefit of the doubt to take care of us. Jan 2nd, 9:30 am, I speak with Austin finally! I asked him about the gap of time with no communication and he said, "we were busy", with a snobby attitude, I continued to keep it pro,pro. I asked what is the result from the application and cosigner info we sent. He said one sec let me speak to Robert, because I don't think he got around to it. I about lost it inside my mind, there was some struggle and covering up of the phone, no real hold button. I knew then, I was dealing with some "hole in the wall in Bellevue". Robert got on and explained he had run my wife's credit and still needed to run the cosigner's credit. I asked if it was just them two running that business and he said, YES. I told him we are going to pass, and we are no longer interested in the vehicle.   So our result was no care for customers , not able to be trusted on their word, self entitled asinine jerks, lack of professionalism, service you expect when dealing with door to door salesman, and clearly no RESPECT for a human being. I am in contact with thousands of people a day, you can rest assure, I will not send them their way, not even my worst enemy.  ********************************DISCLAIMER ALERT********************************************** 

He has been going around explaining, how much he helped and try to get us approved. Really??????????? Did Robert not read anything I said or even have an attention span to realize, it's not how you do business in America. If you look at other comments on google search the mirror how we were treated.

After reading your response to my review I decided to email you. Even with your 54 office hours, 3 phone, numbers, and 3 emails you still failed to respond to my email and it's been a week.

I find it hilarious that you would even respond. As far as why this posted months after the fact, I am not sure. 
Also you're right we did not purchase any sort of vehicle from your shack of an establishment and why would we, when every single car we looked after on your lot had some sort of damage. We looked past the fact that your "business" looked like someone's rundown house trying to run a shady car business. 
What makes matters worse, is the fact that you felt the need to reply to my first review of your business by stating some number out of thin air that we supposedly offered you. 
 I give fair reviews to businesses that I have visited, and as far as your business it still would give this a zero star if I could, especially after your response. That just makes you and your business look even worse.

Crappy customer service. Beat down shack of a place. Not interested in helping you look for a car. Crap cars stay away from this hole!

 F+

Dishonest dealership with shady practices. 

Not sure how they have a 4 star average but in the not recommended, filtered reviews there are lots of poor reviews. 

We contacted this dealership about a couple different cars and they were using a car that was no longer available (but still posted on Craigslist as available) as bait for someone to come in and look at a different car of the same model but different trim and mileage. 

I wouldn't trust them as far as I could throw them.

Edit: I understand having an outdated Craigslist ad posted but keeping a vehicle listed on Craigslist and reposting it as a NEW ad- then when a customer calls to inquire about that vehicle and saying that the car is not available but "hey we have this other, similar car you might be interested in" is certainly dishonest.

Saw a promising Craigslist ad, called to check on availability and drove over to check the car out. 

When we got there, the salesman stated that there were some issues with the transmission.."But of course we disclosed that in the ad, we ALWAYS do that..."    NOT TRUE...

We rechecked the ads to see how we might have overlooked that notice. We didn't overlook it, it was never there.

Not a good sign or indication of honest dealing. We will never return..

Make sure you look at the not recommended reviews (the ones that are truthful, in my opinion).
Well we took our complaints to the BBB (the complaint is on the website) and Drive Auto basically refused to admit to anything. Refused to fix what they broke, lied about calling and lied about talking to us about what they did to destroy the Tribute we bought. So now we have an unsafe car that we paid $6000. for, put money into because they drove it and broke it, put a hole in the exhaust  (so everyone can hear it coming from a mile away) when they were supposed to be fixing the first problem and no money to pay for it to be fixed and be safe.
DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS DEALERSHIP. They are one of the places that we all fear. They are not trustworthy!

I have to agree with with Chelsea J.  I went in to look at a 4Runner that the dealer had posted on craigslist as well as on their website.  When I arrived at the dealer I was told that the 4Runner listed had just sold, 'but we have these other 4Runners available'.  I test drove a different 4Runner but declined because it was not what I was looking for and decided to keep looking.  
  Lo and behold a week later a new craigslist ad for the 'Sold' 4Runner appeared on craigslist again in addition to still being listed on their site;  I was contacted by the salesman thinking that perhaps financing didn't work out or something, and the vehicle was brought back, but the salesman assured me that the vehicle was, indeed, sold, and they just haven't gotten around to updating their craigslistings and website...however the vehicle that I did take for a test drive was no longer listed on their website.
  Two weeks later and guess what?  The ad for the bait car just showed up on craigslist again! and it's still on their website...

STEER CLEAR of bait and switch!!!

Mark W

Just wanted to update my experience with this company. I should've known better. I gave in to a car fax and a promise and got hosed. 3 months after buying my vehicle here i started having electrical problems that were NOT covered by the warranty so there it sat for a few months until last week where i got it in diagnosed with a busted head gasket, cracked head, and a nearly broken timing belt. Yes. Every one of those. When i called for some recompence all i got was "You bought it as is, and Dustin Halen and his wife no longer work here." "We can't run repairs for you cause they took the mechanic." Pardon my expression, but what kind of dicked up operation are you people running up there. I know what i should've done and i didn't. I should've had my mechanic check it out first, no question. Lesson learned, the hard way. Thanks for that atleast scumbags.

Avoid this place. Had an issue with the check engine light coming on during a test drive. Mudarri said, "No worries, we'll fix it". Turns out two sensors were bad. Purchased the car the following week and the check engine light came on as soon as we drove the car away. Took it to a real mechanic and the same two sensors Mudarri was suppose to fix were bad....hmmmm.

Save yourself the hassle, buy your car somewhere else.

Purchased a car that had much more wrong with it than I was lead to believe. Essentially, the vehicle was purchased on a pretense that was far enough from reality to cause much frustration and financial cost. Around the time the problems with the car were revealing themselves, I contacted the sellers about acquiring parts at cost, a service that was offered before the second test drive, but never received a reply. 

Lastly, the title wasn't completed properly. Something an agent at my back suggested was a rookie mistake. An error she was chocked to see a dealer make.

Stopped into test drive a car and they didn't have the keys.  Gave them a 2nd try and called ahead.  After waiting 20 minutes for someone to show up with the car we left.  I would never recommend this place.  Incredibly unprofessional.

Disappointing to say the least.
Bought a car here in November 2015.  Part was ordered to repair a broken component.  Told it would be here in 3 business days.  3 weeks later and still no call about the part.

Had the engine oil changed the day I bought it.  Engine started knocking loudly after the oil change.  Come to find out there was extremely thick oil used to hide the engine knocking noise.  When brought to the owner's attention he explained that it must have been the people who traded it in and that he, and most dealers, pride themselves on selling quality vehicles. (He personally drove the vehicle for 100 miles without issue.)  After a diagnosis it proved the knocking noise is because the cam shaft is ready to throw a rod.  Great a $4,500 repair needed.

The purchasing experience was disorganized and I waited two hours for the paperwork to be completed because nobody on staff that was on site knew how to work the system and the printers wouldn't work.  Maybe the most offensive part was listening to the sales man swear at the other employees because of the long ordeal "Fu*k, man!  They have been waiting for over an hour!" - Nice... 

The engine light came on THE DAY I bought the car a few hours after driving it off the lot and paying cash for the car.

No offer to make it right by the "dealer" and I am now stuck with a car that is inoperable- Do not listen to them when they tell you that EVERY car has been inspected and that they have ensured the vehicle is in tip top shape.

I really am not sure why Buyers Inc and Marcee have such good ratings on Yelp.

I don't know if I had an abnormal experience with her, or I am just a more savy buyer than those below who has reviewed her service as excellent, but I do not recommend that anyone looking for a used or new car, utilize this service.

Marcee tried to sell me a used 2004 Honda Civic, with 50K miles, for 16K.
The blue book value for this exact car, in excellent condition is 11K.
When I asked Marcee why she was asking me to pay 5K over, this was her response.

"The car cost me way more than whatever KBB says it should cost. This one just happened to fall into my lap totally unexpectedly.  Sometimes you just have to throw the books out the window when it comes to finding a car that is in such great condition with such low miles and is in such high demand."

Im not sure if I am missing something, but "throwing the book out the window", and paying 5 K over the national sales average does not sound like any kind of deal to me.  

Also of note is that Marcee originally told me that there was "no way I would be able to get a Small SUV in my price range (15-18K), however as soon as I told her I was looking into purchasing a car separate from her service, and she would therefore loose half of her fee, she miraculously had the a "Small SUV" in my price range.  Weird that the car was already at her lot, ready for me to test drive, with rear breaks that she had had replaced.

Sounds pretty shady to me.

I am sure that Marcee is a very nice woman, and I am sure that she has provided a good service to some customers.  I was excited about the service when I first researched it.  My tune is much different after interacting with Marcee.

I would highly caution that whomever is considering hiring Marcee with Buyers Advantage do their research ahead of time on the car that they want and the price that is realistic.  I would also recommend researching other agents.

This review has been needed for a while. Back in late 2014, my husband bought a WRX there. His sales gal was sweet, made the deal happen (for about $100 over what she said it would), added an additional warranty she didn't tell my husband about, then added gap coverage without saying a word. So it upped the total price about $4,000. Good for her pocket commissions I'm sure. 
Fast forward 3 years. Car is paid off, we trade it in for an SUV (not a Subaru because they don't have 3rd row SUVs besides the old Tribeca's & are not worth the price). 
Our new dealership tells us to go back and get our refund for the Gap Coverage & Extended Warranty (that's when we discovered that they added it to our vehicle back in '14). 
So. We go in. We travel an hour & a half out of our way. We're treated like homeless people. They're rude, they leave us waiting forever, won't even shake a hand or make eye contact. The finance guy wouldn't even invite us in his office for the WHOLE 2 minutes out of his day to do the paperwork, then had the nerve to leave us there waiting after he was done & gave the stuff back to the extremely rude receptionist for another 20 min until I went up and asked what the hold up was. 
She just handed our envelope back to us and said, "ok. It's done." 
No other information or anything. 

We were treated as though we were criminals in this dealership. I get it, they owed us money back & they're not in the business of paying people back for their sketchy and less than ethical sales tactics, but being treated the way we were treated is absurd. 

I'll make sure to TELL EVERYONE I know in the military community to stay far from Carter Subaru Shoreline. 
What despicable service!

Today, I had the most unpleasant phone conversation with Denny Hynes who is the Used Car Director. I had brought my car back to my dealership to fix an exterior flaw. The clear coat on my car was peeling. On my initial visit, the assistant used car manager was nice and patient enough to offer options to resolve the problem. The dealership worked with an auto body shop who did changed the coating and the finish product was satisfactory. On the day of pick up, I noticed visible scratches and paint transfers on the fender near where the work was performed. Prior to this, we had a walk through with a service advisor and we did not see any of those. We immediately pointed out the scratches and paint transfers which they said it will have to be communicated with Denny Hynes(Used Car Director). The following day, we received an email saying WE would need to take care of those ourselves. 

Denny Hynes was not in the Shoreline location at the time so we contacted him via phone and explained the situation. With condescending tone, he immediately says, "I am the Used Car Director, I am not spending any more money on your car!" He would not listen and when I speak he would say, "Stop talking over me." The response I received from this man was unexpected and upsetting. The way he treated me shows poor and lack of customer service on his behalf. (All I want to do is bring my car back home the same condition as I had left it with them.)

Carter Subaru seemed like nice people. I don't appreciate being told to buy a new charging cord when my car continues to hurt them out but it's the cords fault! Ugh! Then my son's sony head phones auxiliary cord and adapter from for the I phone 7 is gone. Subaru in general does not stand behind their product! I just don't appreciate whoever stole the cords doing this!

As a follow-up: 

Per the request of the customer service rep, I contacted Carter Shoreline shortly after I posted my original review. Here's the quality customer service I got: 

***
Matthew,

Nice yelp review.....

I will forward your concern to the used car manager, have you tried to talk to him?  His name is Denny...

Thank you

James B

***

Not only was the tone condescending (seems to be a Carter trademark for folks who come back to Carter with completely reasonable requests or understandable grievances), but ol' Denny never reached out...and honestly, I was too angry to even waste more of my time. Much like James, Denny most likely won't give a lick about a crap car they sold. The one star still stands, and my car is still having problems. I'll never shop Carter again, and will encourage anyone who wants to to reconsider.

Similar to other reviewers, had a horrible experience trying to get service here. 

New Impreza (a great car) had two recall notices, both software updates. Guy on the phone said he setup an appointment on Monday at 2pm for me and that the two updates should take about 45 minutes. So far, so good.

Came in at the specified time and was told I did not have an appointment. The person checking me in treated me like I was lying about it, being so condescending. He made a point to check the "walk-in" box on the form with gusto. I wasn't trying to cheat anyone, it was in fact an error at your business. There was no need for attitude.

Drove around to the service area. Guy at the checkin desk (why you need to checkin twice is beyond me) was equally condescending. He abruptly told me to sit down mid-checkin. 
Me: "How long will I be sitting" (thinking he just needed to figure something out, since we hadn't finished the paperwork yet)
Carter Shoreline Subaru Employee: "An hour and a half."
Me, confused for multiple reasons: "I was told on the phone it would take 45 minutes, why did it get doubled?"
Carter Shoreline Subaru Employee: "The update takes 45 minutes but is finicky, if someone opens a door during the update it needs to start all over, so it usually takes an hour and a half."

Um, what?

Here's a list of suggestions on how to prevent a door from being opened while an update is running:
- Buy post-it notes and write "do not open" on them. Place on all four (or five) doors.
- Create some sort of process so random employees don't open random doors. Share this process with employees during next team meeting. Give "employee of the month" award to person who opens the fewest random doors. Celebrate with pie.
- Hire a private detective to catch the Door Opening Bandit before he or she can strike again. This menace has plagued your shop for far too long, it's time to take action before more innocent doors are opened. Once this PI catches the bandit, celebrate with pie.

Complete lack of professionalism all around. I left. 

///

I struggled a little with giving a one star review. Working with the sales team (specifically John Sylvester the Internet sales manager) was the best car buying experience I'd had. Buy your car here and never, ever come back for service.

They charged me for a "diagnostic test" of my sunroof, which was obviously not functioning. They do not take anything apart, or look into it any further, and only told me it was broken. The only solution they offered was replacement, which was very expensive. Ended up taking it somewhere else and getting it fixed for a reasonable amount. Take your business elsewhere! Not impressed.

Just finished my oil consumption study at a different Subaru dealership. My car failed, and now needs a short block engine replacement. Had I believed the "advice" I was given after visiting this location, I could have seized the engine in my car, which is less than four years old and had less than 55,000 miles when I initially brought it in. I was totally brushes aside by this dealer and was dismissed for a minor problem, which actually turned out to be quite serious. Glad I went with my gut on this one.

Pay close attention to your contract, Justin charged me twice on accessories and had to rewrite the contract (which this is the second time this has happened). 

Now, 12 months after I purchased my Impreza, I'm trying to get a gap refund after paying off my loan and am getting nothing but lies and procrastination. I went in in November requesting the refund, six weeks later I receive a call telling me that they need more paperwork to complete the process. When I hand deliver the requested paperwork on January 21st, Justin tells me it'll be 5-7 business day for me to receive my refund (latest day being January 31st). 

Today is day 8, guess what, no refund.  I call to see what the hang up is and am told that it'll be another week and a half. The finance manager even has the nerve to say that they're still within the 5-7 business days quoted to me because they didn't receive it until the January 25th (which is a lie! I handed it straight to Justin (another finance manager) on Saturday the 21st. Even if that were true they'd still be out of their 5-7 business days since I was told I can't pick it up until next Friday, February 10th. It should not take nearly three months to get me what's owed! Especially when I was initially given a 30 day time frame. Beware of Carter Subaru, I advise you to buy your vehicle elsewhere.

Typical used car dealer and will lie and hide the truth if they can and they can get away with it because of online and phone conversation transaction.  Car was missing paint, transmission doesnt shift into certain gear and very hard to get into gears, suspension is shot, paint isnt the original color of the car all important things they lied about on this classic car I purchased.  And then when approached on it stopped taking phone calls, stopped replyng to emails. People please do buy a car from them they will not tell you the truth. Dont do it.

It pains me to have to say all of this as I have received relatively good service from Moe in the past. When I needed new brake pads for my 2007 Saab 9.3 I got the work done at a reasonable price. After about a couple years turns I need a new clutch and didn't hesitate to give him a call. He did the work, I thought, and I got my car back only to have the clutch go out on me AGAIN in the middle of the I-90 bridge. I barely made it to the next exit before it gave out entirely and had to have it towed back to his garage. To my shock he suggested it was my fault (saying I shouldn't have driven to the next exit in spite of the safety hazard of stoping on the bridge) and that I may have to pay for new parts, but he would cover the labor. I found this unacceptable as it was a brand-new clutch and I did nothing wrong to cause this. I told him if it wasn't completely repaired  I'll take legal action and he became very, very indignant and threatened to refuse to do any work at all. After some time he was able to get the new parts at no cost from his distributor. He offered to put the new clutch back in but with a caveat, I was forced to sign a contract saying I would never bring it back in for a new clutch if this didn't work out. I thought that was odd as I've never had this issue before with any other mechanic. I shouldn't have signed it but I had to otherwise he would refuse to put a new clutch in. After some more time I finally got my Saab back. You can probably imagine my shock and dismay over finding only 4 out of 6 speeds were able to engage. Rather than trying to go another  round I ended up taking it to Swedish Automotive on top of High Point in West Seattle and, as a result of very poor and irascible service, will never use Moe's Service on 85th in Ballard again. While Swedish Auto does cost a little bit more than Moe they guarantee their work 100%. Again I'll never use Moe again and not recommended him to anyone that owns a Saab unless it is a tire change or brake pads.

Ripped off.  didn't think to ask what an oil change would cost, but really how much would that be?  So, when I returned to pick it up, I was charged a hefty $142.00 !!  An oil change???  Gave me some story about synthetic oil, (my 2010 explorer) and also
$45 to check the fluids.  I thought that would come with the oil change....Even so, then $100 for the oil change.  Think not.

Bought a BMW 528i from here. Within 90 miles of leaving the dealership our "check engine" light came on. When we called and asked we were told the light was due to a low battery charge and to continue driving the car until it was sufficiently charged. Took it to a BMW dealership who diagnosed it with over 1300 in damage. With the information on when the error light came on BMW told us with 99% certainty that the dealership knew of the issues and cleared the error code. BMW's run diagnostic checks every 90 or so miles so the check engine light came on in the time it would have after a reset. And then we were told they weren't willing to pay for the cost because we had driven too many miles on it! 

The owner was extremely rude, refused to help us, referred us to their "trusted" shop whom was not even certified to work on BMW's because he didn't trust BMW's honesty and level of work. Sold us a car with a recall but gave us no notice (illegal). Told us we could purchase the warrantee 45-90 days after the date of sale and completely backed it on that. Lied to the BBB saying we signed documents that we didn't, lied about the situation to the point that the BBB advised us to peruse litigation against the dealership and the owner. Also because of all of this they are refusing to submit out title transfer until 45 days after the sale because and I quote "we are allowed to, so we are going to wait". 

This business is garbage just like the appearance of their building. The only positive we can take from this is our sales person was amazing. Hopefully she can get out of there before her business reputation is completely ruined.

Really bad service. Never heard that I can not test drive. I think he acted extremely disrespectfully to customer. I will never go that store any more and will tell all of my friends never go to that store.

Following up to the owners completely false, inaccurate response. My passport I offered as identification is a government issued form of identification and valid through January 2024.  He requested I complete a credit application which I did not need. He uses it to run a credit report to try and qualify and convince you to finance through them so they can make more money off of you. STAY AWAY FROM THIS DEALER. 


This used car dealership is the worst. I came in prepared to purchase a car with my own financing and they spent most of the time trying to convince me to use their financing options. The owner is arrogant, rude and extremely pushy.  It's a shame as they have nice cars.  But they have absolutely no people skills. Stay away and go somewhere where they appreciate your business. Take the time to scroll through the reviews and see how many 1 and 2 stars there are. The 5 star are likely posted by the arrogant owner.

Zero stars if I could.. I would advise anyone who's buying to look at the 1 & 2 star reviews before you go to this place because the reviews ABSOLUTELY DO NOT lie about how they do business. & if you're smart not only should you really take the 1 & 2 star reviews into consideration but please take a look at the owners response. Never seen a place run this poorly. 


 **IF YOU'RE IN THE MARKET I WOULD HIGHLY SUGGEST YOU STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE**

Rude staff with no callbacks or communication.

I talked to them about a car on Saturday then brought in my trade for review the next day.  I waited to hear back from them and had to track them down.....5 days later.....only to find out the car was sold, even though we were in mid deal.  Matt and George talk good games but in the end they are just more used car dealers with no ethics.  I was told the deal was good the day before only to have the deposit moved up to $4700.00.

Ace ( evidently the owner ) needs to make some changes as everyone knows happy customers tell one person unhappy customers tell 100 ahhhhh the power of social media.

Wow, what a terrible experience at your store today! Sean is absolutely awful. My husband and I are looking for a BMW X5, we WILL buy an X5. We made that clear. Now, while there wasn't a specific car at your shop that we wanted today (because it sold right before we got there) we did talk to him about not being in a hurry, essentially guaranteeing him a sale if he'd be willing to work with us for a couple weeks to find our ideal car. However, the refrain we heard over and over from Sean was that we were "wasting his time." Well, sorry, Sean, I wasn't aware that as a car salesmen SELLING A CAR was considered wasting your time. Yeah, you weren't going to sell us a car today, but you darn well could have next weekend. We currently drive a BMW 750li, we're not upgrading our car here, we're downgrading. We are legit customers, and we were treated like absolute garbage. I wasn't excited about buying a car from the east coast, so he didn't want to let my husband even test drive a car from there, because, once again, we would be wasting HIS time. Great that your salesmen's time is so valuable....if only your potential customer's time counted for as much. Well, lucky for you, you don't have to count us as a potential customer any longer.

**It's very telling that in response to all of these awful reviews, mine included, Alan M. never once takes accountability for his/his teams poor customer service.

The worst dealer in Washington in my life . Owners , Alan and other they were so rude and arrogant.  I don't even give them one star. Don't go there. If you go , you will have a worst experience in your life. Awful!!!!!!!

BUYER BEWARE: DO NOT BUY HERE!

I was recently sold a used Honda Civic from this location by a salesman name Patrick. 8 days later the insides of the AC compressor exploded. I can hear the parts rattling around inside of it. They refuse to stand behind the cars they sell. I asked for them to do the right thing and fix it. They've refused and their only fallback position is that I should've spent an extra $2,000 for an extended warranty on an $8,000 vehicle.

I'm now facing a $1,000-1,500 repair on a car I just bought to fix the AC.

Avoid this place like the plague. You've been warned!

UPDATE: Shortly after I posted this review, I was contacted by a manger who will look into seeing what needs to be fixed and if/how they can help. I'll update this review as the situation develops.

This review is for the Service Center at Honda of Seattle.

Getting my Honda Pilot serviced at Honda Seattle has been an extremely frustrating experience. Granted, the issue I am experiencing with my car occurs intermittently and is difficult to reproduce, it makes my vehicle unreliable and forces me to use hacky work-arounds. I have been charged for a diagnosis and "fix", but the issue persists. I leave my car at the shop for days at a time in hopes that the issue surfaces, and so far each time it has occurred, the technicians have not been able to actually diagnose the root cause. Nevertheless, I get a call from a representative saying that they don't know how to fix the problem, but that my car is ready for pickup...how in the world is a car ready for pickup if the problem is not solved?! 

In a nutshell, this service center is unprofessional and doesn't seem to be interested in understanding my concerns and finding a solution to my problem. I've sat on hold with the service department for over 5 minutes without an update. I've waited over an hour to get called back before calling again myself to find that the representative I was looking for is suddenly available. I went to pick up my vehicle once and the representative had to call several others, plus her manager, to even find my car in the shop, then again to locate the keys. I find it hard to imagine the technicians were given instructions to work very hard to diagnose the issue if they didn't even know where my car was and couldn't get in since the keys were missing. I also realized that my radio had not been reset (the issue causes my battery to completely die) and my tail-light was out after leaving the shop that time, two things that should have been noticed immediately had anyone taken a serious look at my car. 

I understand that issues are often hard to diagnose, especially if you cannot manually reproduce the failure, but my issue with this service center is that they seem to lose interest in helping you once they collect their diagnosis fee. Sure, I haven't had to pay for another diagnosis, but I also have yet to receive an accurate diagnosis for my money. I am beyond frustrated that I cannot trust my car to start when I go to drive it, and this Honda service center cannot seem to fix its own car. I am beyond frustrated that the service representatives decide after X days that the issue must have magically fixed itself because it hasn't reproduced since I dropped my car off and I should come pick it up (and they have told the technicians to stop looking into it). 

I do not recommend this service center to others and am about ready to cut my losses and start from scratch at another shop. Too bad they still get their "diagnosis" fee.

Showed up for an appointment few months ago.  They no longer match prices.

This review is for the sales department. It is a true tale of woe, experienced at Honda Seattle in SoDo.

Last night Francisco Carrasco set up an appointment for me today. Since he is out today, he said he booked it with Chris Evans. I get there, but Chris Evans isn't there today. Trevin Pham starts helping me but while I'm getting water Chris Kummer shows up and says he's going to help me instead.

Things started really going downhill when I pointed out that the carfax history they had printed in their "get to know me" book was different than what I saw online. I said "Carfax says that the battery was replaced in January and in July. By your service center. The reason that concerns me is that batteries shouldn't need to be replaced in 6 months. So I'd like to see those records. Can I please see the service records that pertain to 1/6/2017 and 7/08/2017?

Chris Kummer says "Ok, I'll go get those records." Goes inside then comes back and gives me 2 printouts of service visits. One for January of this year, and one for July of last year. So... Not including the most recent. 

I ask again about the most recent service. Chris Kummer shows me the "get to know me" book that is in the car. "Oh. We only detailed the car, this is all the information there is," he said. "Besides," he continued, "we would never service a car after offering it for sale." 
I say, "But see here, where it says there was a number of repairs done on 7/8?" and I reiterated that I wanted to see the most recent paperwork. 

Chris Kummer goes inside. Apparently to confer with a "manager" Danon Dugan. Danon Dugan and Chris Kummer come out and Danon gives me a technician report that I can tell is missing pages. The last page they gave me even says page 3 of 8. So I ask if I can see the other pages. Danon tells me that's everything. So I show how the first two reports they gave me have other relevant sections. And I ask again "can I please have the last pages?"

Danon has audacity to say "This is all too much information. You don't need that. I don't even understand it myself. Plus, all those earlier reports are irrelevant."

I say, "I don't think this is too much information. And it's pretty clear to me what it says. Also, these earlier reports say there were recommended repairs that were declined by the previous owner. Those are relevant if they need to be done."

So then the Danon says "OK we'll go get those other pages." But they take off with the paperwork I was reviewing. I ask them to wait, and say "wait I want those pages too." Danon gets really patronizing at this point. Saying "We're trying to get the other pages, but you stopped us from doing that." I just smile and try to be polite even though he's being a total douche. They come back with... pages 7 & 8. I don't know why, but I ask again, where are pages 4,5, and 6? Danon storms off. OMG. He literally just storms away. 

Chris Kummer awkwardly says "If you're uncomfortable with our word, you can take this to an independent mechanic." I say "Ok, I suppose it's your perogative whether you want to provide me with the technician report. I assumed that you had already performed the electrical/charging system test, as reported to Carfax by your company. I wanted to see if there were repairs related to that that need to be done or have been done."

Chris Kummer looks at me blankly. I raise my hands as if to say, please lord, take me now. I literally have no idea how to communicate with these people. Chris Kummers takes off. 
Meanwhile, Trevin Pham was sitting at the front desk witnessing my last interactions. So I look at him an say "what's going on here? why are they being so angry and rude?" 
Trevin says "I have no idea what is going on." 

I explain to Trevin how both Chris Kummer and Danon Dugan have both failed to provide complete information. Trevin offers to take me back the service desk and to ask someone to print out the last report. We go back to service desk. Service guy prints out completely different paperwork. Then mentions that the car was serviced on the 10th, after the car was offered for sale.

At this point. Its been 1.5 hours since I arrived. I still don't know what the results of the electrical/charging system test were. I just can't even. I still wanted do a test drive, because I've never driven a 2010 Honda Element. Did I mention that I was at the Honda dealership for 1.5 hours and I never even got to start the car?  So I ask to do that. Trevin goes to get keys but the it turns out they're missing(?). I give up and leave before I full on angry cry.

10 minutes after I leave, as I'm crying in my car in the Costco parking lot because I hate the whole paternalistic, dishonest cars salesmen system and I will probably never get a Honda Element because it means I'll most likely have to deal with car salesmen... I get voicemail from Chris Kummer. "Hey, I heard you left. I have those missing pages now."

You know what you can do with those missing pages.

Again this morning I'm reminded why I so dislike Honda of Seattle. Took my car in for service - the driver side window was stuck. They charged me $119 to just diagnose the problem and then another $300+  to fix it. If having to pay to find out what is wrong before they fix a problem isn't enough they then added a "misselenous fee" for any rags they used in performing the repair.

While on a cross-country road trip, my Subaru broke down in Washington. Not being from the area, my partner and I were extremely anxious to get back on the road ASAP to avoid going broke on motel, hotel, and restaurant costs-- concerns that we repeatedly stressed to this dealership. 

Not only did they take 2 weeks to finish what shouldn't be more than a 2 day job, Marcello, our advisor: condescended, lied on a daily basis about the progress on our car, refused to take responsibility for words or actions, couldn't be bothered to answer the phone half the time, made sexist remarks, was incompetent to the point of confusing us with another customer (then tried to pass off the blame), and *complained to us for calling*. 

I would warn any potential customers to stay away from this establishment, and I would rather pay full cost at a regular auto shop than come here even for any under-warranty care.

Not impressed with Michaels Volkswagen Subaru service department.  Scheduled service for bend light and seat belt lights that were on.  Also had a fan that squeaks and makes noise.  Arranged for a loaner on line because I had been warned it would probably take a day.  I arrive at my scheduled check-in time and there is a line, as only one person checking customers in.  Soon two other people arrive and start checking people in.  The girl checking me in says "oh, I see you asked for a loaner, not sure we have one"  she paged overhead multiple times and finally somebody brought a loaner.  I had been there about 45 minutes at this point.  Told the car was pretty empty and I could wait while they found someone to put some gas in it, or take it and do it myself.  Left to get gas and they had estimated approximately $170.  Never received a call about the car throughout the day.  I live about 40 minutes away and they close at 5pm on Saturdays, so I called them.  They said they needed a part and it was ordered and should arrive Monday.  No one called on Monday so I called them was given to multiple service people with no real answer.  Called Tuesday and was told it was still being worked on and they would call me.  Thursday still no call and when I called them no one was available to tell me how it was going.  I left my name an my phone number for the tenth time and Troy did call Friday morning.  He was the first person in service to actually call me.   He said the part hadn't been shipped.  This had apparently taken a week for anybody to figure out.  I was told the car should be ready Saturday because they were overnighting the part.  I was hiking in the mountains and unable to pick up the car.  Monday arrives and I call to see if the car is ready.  I am told it is being worked on, but should be done that day.
Now just let me state that I am not a big complainer.  At this point I'm very irritated.  I called the service manager Chad who was very nice and did follow up with me.  He listened to my complaints and was very patient.  My car was finally finished. No discount nothing.  The fan still sqeeks.  Not happy. I had been faithful to Chaplin's service for a long time.  They have lost my business.

false advertising
i had registered for a promo of gift card for test drive
at the time of test drive, i presented the coupon to salesman
he first tried to make some excuse but later promised to process it
it is still not processed
i sent an inquiry, and they chose to ignore

I am beyond angry with how I was treated at Chaplin's Subaru. 

I went in today to look at a new 2017 Subaru Impreza and see if I wanted to seal the deal on getting a Subaru for the first time. I was greeted by a much older salesman, and he started asking me what I wanted to see and what I was interested in. I told him that I was wanting to look at a new 2017 Impreza, he asked if I was going to trade in my car that I drove up in (brand new Jeep) or how I was going to pay for it. This is not acceptable at all nor right off the bat when you first meet someone, however, being in the 18-25 demographic I can understand this a little more than normal but still not acceptable. Ignoring this, I mentioned that I was thinking about POSSIBLY financing the car, however, I was not set on what to do. We went inside and rather than show me to the car so I could see if I was wanting to get it, he grabs some paper work to see if I would even qualify for financing. I stopped him and said that I was not here to look at numbers, I was just wanting to check out the car and see if I liked the car or not. He started saying to me that it would waste my time to check out the car if I could not afford the financing. At this point I was already really mad, I responded back to him that if this was a problem being my age and it was too much of a hassle to let me see the car I had no problem going to my other car choices. He asked who I was also looking at and when I mentioned someone he started trying to talk bad about them and that those cars are crap and that I should pick Subaru. I stopped him again saying I do not want to hear badmouthing and I was not here to discus the competitors cars, I was here to check out a 2017 Impreza. He then went to further badmouth the competitors and asking if all wheel drive mattered in my opinion. I replied to this louder than I should have but I was really pissed at this point, saying that I love to go snowboarding and go off-road so I would like all wheel drive, however, if this is how it's going to be where it is so much of a bother to even show me the car I could live without owning a Subaru period. He pointed me to a hatchback Impreza (I wanted a sedan) and said that was what it would be like and then walked away from me to go chat with someone else. I left after he pointed me to the car. This guy would not even show me the time of day if I asked. 

I understand my demographic sucks, I really do not like anyone in my demographic due to all the stereotypes, and all the young kids dressed like hoodlums wanting to test drive an STI without even being close to affording it. But none of that was acceptable, I came dressed nicer than I should have just because of my demographic just so I could actually see the car and that I was serious on buying the car. I cannot believe how rudely I was treated today. Ready to buy with cash in hand when I walked in the door and not even sure I want to bother pursuing anything Subaru after this rude interaction.

Hands down the most shady service department I have ever had the displeasure of working with. My interaction with a "Subaru Advisor" (if you can call the scam artist that) was nothing short of a ploy to get me to spend money for a simple answer to a simple question. 

Backstory: My Subaru Forester battery died over night because a door was left ajar and the dome light was on during that period. I was able to boost the battery just fine, it started up right away and came to full charge fairly quick. The issue was that my parking lights kept blinking as I was driving to work, and continued to blink after I had shut the vehicle off. They would cycle on and off after blinking about 10-20 times, and continued to repeat. 

I figured my best option, as I didn't have time to do much research to resolve the problem, was to call a local Subaru service dept. and ask if this was a common issue. Being that I USED to take my car here for service, I decided that I'd call and see if they had any advice. 

After my query, I was told a "Subaru Advisor" would be able to help me. Cut to posing the same question to said "professional" and I was told that without being able to hear the blinking noise in person and running a diagnostic for $100 dollars, there was nothing they could suggest to help. It was also proposed that the starter was going out and possibly an alternator issue. Starters make your lights blink? Alternator having an issue when the battery fully charged?? Red flags were abundant at this point and then I was asked when I would like to schedule to bring it in (mind you they were booked for two days). Needless to say, I declined. 

Fast forward a few hours to my lunch break, and I had the time to get online and research the problem. First search brought up several forums of Subaru owners facing the same problem after jumping their batteries. The fix? Cycle through the lock/unlock on the key fob a few times and voila!Lights no longer blinking...

You would think this is a common issue that the service dept. deals with. You would think a professional "Subaru Advisor" would have been able to be of a little more assistance for a long time customer. I will never let Chaplin Subaru touch another one of my vehicles and will make sure to advice friends and family to take their business elsewhere.

I had the worst experience .... I came in because its hard to find a mechanic to work in foreign cars that you can trust, so i searched YELP and read the reviews and i was very confident that this was the mechanic for me ... So i had a diagnostic done some place else and it cost me 300.00 so i told him what the report said and asked how much it would be to fix it, so he quoted me around 1200.00. So i said great lets do it, he kept my Mercedes 2001 ML 320 with only 145.000 miles on it, great car and hoping to get it fixed soon . So he called me saying the car is ready, so i came to pick it up and had to pay 1700.00 for some odd reason, but i trusted him and paid the amount due. So drove out of the lot and not even 5 minutes of me driving it, the car started to do the same thing it did when i brought it in. So i drove it back and let him know what was still going on, so we all got into the car and he drove a few blocks to see if it was going to do it again, and guess what?? It did, he looked completely surprised but he said leave it here and i will take a look again . Few days goes by and he called me to pick it up, i did and drive it out and it did the same thing, so we came back and there was nothing he could do and that was that. And he also told me to scrap that car for parts and just let it go. 
I left with a car that didn't work when i brought it in and left with the same issue but he kept my 1700.00 .. So now here is the question, why would you keep the money??? U didnt' fix my car and im out of 1700.00 and im a single mom taking care of a child and my sick parents .... So i guess the moral of the story is ... So i will  not recommend this mechanic to anyone of my friends or family and if he has any integrity he would refund me the money he took and didn't fix my car

Would NOT recommend their service department.  They were supposed to do a tune up and oil change and change the spark plugs. Upon picking up the car they quoted that the car needed $1600 in other repairs. This sounded shady to me so we took the car elsewhere. Paid for the tune up and services they supposedly did---when we took the car to another mechanic it turns out they didn't change the oil OR replace the spark plugs. Oh, and the car didn't need any further repairs. 
Again, would NOT recommend.

Imagine with me: a person buys a vehicle from Liberty Bay. Then buys the warranty package for $2,000 from Liberty Bay. this person has bought other vehicles from Liberty Bay this person's family has purchased multiple vehicles from Liberty Bay. This person has also spent tens of thousands of dollars repairing vehicles at liberty bay. Speaking of repairs the used automobile that I spent $2,000 on a warranty and paid the $200 deductible to have the transmission repaired. I don't know who does their transmission work but they told me they had to return it to the transmission shop because it didn't work correctly when it was returned to them. Then Liberty Bay return the car to me a functioning like this 2nd gear just randomly pops out whenever it wants it Grinds every time it goes into 3rd gear and I asked them to make it right. 10 weeks later I get my car back! 10 weeks later I get my car back! 10 weeks later I get my car back! it is still grinding when you put it in 3rd gear but thank God it's not popping out of second anymore. what wonderful service? Then the service manager tells me you were hard on the transmission what did you expect it to be perfect after we repaired it?

Dishonest and disingenuous. I caught the salesman in a lie within minutes. The finance guy in particular was very pushy, hustling me through a purchase so he could meet someone for lunch. I was not even afforded the opportunity to look over the paperwork on my own terms for what would have been the biggest purchase decision of my life to date. I would not recommend buying from these people.

I realized that they did not give me the wheel lock so I went to their place of business to talk about it. I was told to come back the next day to find out what happened. The solution was simple, to refund the money I ended up losing. Instead I just felt ignored. Especially since I work in the auto industry. Instead of recommending these guys like I used to, I just tell people to avoid Burien Legend Autos.

I purchased my very first vehicle with a loan from here in 2011. The saleman knew i was young and dumb so he took advantage of me. I was new to the state of Washington because i had just been stationed in everett. I found a car i liked, had no idea where Burien was so i emailed requesting more info on the car. The car was a 2001 Acura Integra that i bought from this dealership. The car seemed to be in great shape for a 20 year old car and it was what i wanted. At the time i wasnt to aware of credit but as i got some knowledge i went back and reviewed all the paperwork and realized i had been screwed by this place. The credit check paperwork they gave me themselves said i had a 793 credit score. I ended up leaving the with the car i wanted but with a 24.99% apr. By then it was too late to do anything so i was stuck with this really expensive car that wasnt worth what they had sold it to me for and the interest rate was ridiculous. TAKE YOUR BUSINESS ELSEWHERE! WORST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE WAS GOING TO LEGEND AUTO SALES. When i finally paid the car off they called to offer me "great deals" on another car. Horrible people out to screw everyone over.

Fail.  Don't go here.  Ever.  It's a waste of time, energy, and money.  We feel swindled.

Here are some things you should know:
1) they do not negotiate at all, you will not get a lower price
2) the sticker prices on the cars represent prices which include special deals you likely won't receive
3) their post sale follow up is horrendous.

Post sale follow up:
1) we bought a certified pre owned car.  The Toyota certification requires, among other things, 2 working keys.  It's a fob so not a cheap item.  We were given one and an IOU for the second which we were told we would receive "in a few days" in the mail.  Well, we are in to the third week and no key yet.  We've called so many times it's a joke.  They never connect me with anyone who can help and always say they will give a message to some person but we never get a call back

2) the fan for AC/heat is nearly broken and makes a super loud noise.  This is not acceptable on a certified pre owned vehicle.  I called and let them know this but they did not offer to fix it.

3) their is a splash guard or some similar part in the wheel wells.  These rub on the tires if you turn sharp such as pulling in to a parking spot or a u turn.  Again, no acceptable on a certified pre owned vehicle.  Again, no fix offered.  We had to tear the part off because  we didn't want them to damage our wheels.

This is just to address Andrea's response. 

No haggle is ok for some if the price is fair. 
If a car does not get sold for over 2 month and you are still ABOVE the Kbb high FAIR dealer price at that time, then your pricing is obviously wrong. 
You will likely end up at the 18k we were willing to pay you almost 3 months ago before that car sells. 

In any case, I am actually grateful you did not move from your price. As a result we found a one owner cpo xle hybrid with a color we like better and saved $2100 over your at that time "carefully" mis-analyzed and overpriced car.

***EDIT 8/7/2017***
Andrea from Toyota Seattle responded below attempting to explain the lack of initiative and follow through by the service department, so I sent her the information requested and she has not responded. The service department still has not responded to a web inquiry from two weeks ago either. Its quite obvious that this dealer has no commitment to its customers, No amount of explaining will justify this lack of customer service
***End EDIT***
There's so many reasons why I would recommend against anyone visiting the Toyota of Seattle for repair and service work. I've taken my 2004 Tacoma there for service previously when they were located downtown (electrical work only), and they did a decent job. Normally I had Greg's Japanese do most of the major service work, but last year I wasnt happy with some of the service they did so I made the mistake of taking to Toyota of Seattle. Greg's told me the U-Joint in the drive shaft needed to be replaced, so I took to the stealership for a 2nd opinion.

Toyota of Seattle came back and said the entire drive shaft needed to be replaced and there was only one other one in North America. They said they would have to order it and it would cost additional $ as a result. Long story short- I was without my truck for a week and paid $2000 for this work. I spoke to several other shops, Greg's included and they all told me the same thing - that I had work done that was not necessary and only the U-Joint needed to be replaced, not the drive shaft. This should have only cost several hundred dollars.

Since then I've ordered parts and waited to be contacted when they arrived and no one has followed up. I've ordered parts and was given the wrong parts when they arrived (they make you pay for them up front). I've emailed the service dept via the website requesting service quotes and details and haven't received a response yet, and its been over 1 week now (an auto-generated response says I will receive a response in 1-2 days).

This dealer is simply the worst and most unprofessional sales and service center I have ever dealt with. I've bought two vehicles from Toyota of Kirkland in the past, and I had no issues with them at all. I'll never take my truck back to Toyota of Seattle though.

I have tried very hard to like Toyota of Seattle. But every time I take my car in there is a problem. On my first visit they left my hood open and forgot the check the air pressure in my spare tire. Two days later the tire pressure monitoring system went of for low air in the spare. My next visit was for an oil change and inspection. Things seemed ok. I went in a few months later for another oil change - they said it was too soon but I couldn't tell because they had forgotten to put a window sticker on from the prior change. They said I could drive another seven thousand miles on the synthetic oil they used. I went ahead and had them do the 30k mile inspection. Everything came out perfect. Later that day I was checking the oil on my other car and I decided to check mine to. Surprise...it was over a quart low on oil. The paperwork said they had checked and topped off all my fluids. Guess not. Since my car is very new, not dripping and not putting out any smoke I suspect that they underfilled my oil 3000 miles ago. Now that it is full it even sounds quieter. Last thing. Three weeks ago I ordered a bottle of touch up paint. They said it would be in in a week. I waited. The parts department never called. So it is back to Toyota of Renton for me.

Drove passed the lot on the way to work, saw a truck that i was very interested in and potentially buy, looked online to check their hours on a Saturday, which listed them as being open until 5pm, it was 3pm and they were closed, called them, left a message, texted a sales rep, and not a single response. Submitted an application, only response was "how big of a down payment can you put?" Rather astonished at how shitty their business is. 
Go somewhere else.

Bought a 2011 Ford Escape in June of 2014. Within 2 months I had to pay over 4K in repairs. It has been less than a year and now my transmission went out. Never buying a car from here again.

Sadly, I didn't have the same experience as the people before me. I drove 3 hours to look at a car highland auto had. I went there knowing that only 1 part was wrong with it...they said they would fix it. Anywho... I purchased the car. The next day the tabs were expired. I went to renew them.....I couldn't because the paperwork wasn't in my name yet. Then come to find out, it needed new license plates too. The dealership claimed they "didn't know" about the expired tab and license plate! Which is there job to know. Anyways I was responsible for paying for that. Also, I waited 19 days for them to send me the part. Took it to three different mechanics they all said that the part wasn't the right fit. Called highland auto and he said "sorry we said we'd get you the part and that's what we did" he missed my point that it wasn't the right part and there is no way it would be able to fit. They won't give me the right one. From day 1 this car has gave me nothing but trouble. And there was so many things mechanically wrong with the car then what they told me. I brought it up to them and he said "our mechanics check for safety issues we didn't see any we were concerned about" ok last I checked, oil leaking from the motor is dangerous, you need tail lights I drive legally on the road, and having the tie rod bent out of place which caused wearing out the front tires to the point where the steel was sticking out makes my car dangerous. I'm not a happy costumer and won't go back nor will I recommend it to anybody!!!!!

Beautiful cars, nice showroom, good amenities. The prices are a little outrageous, but you're not shopping here if you're on a budget, right? Which is probably why a sales associate felt comfortable using racial slurs when speaking with a customer.

I mean, I know we're in Bellevue, but c'mon. Have some class.

This place is worst place ever I don't know how they could remove my review about 10 months ago. Will lied to me all through the process. Pushing on purchase the worst car in the lot. Because I refused to buy what will wanted me to buy I was declined or pay very high down payment. Will did share my private information on yelp the information he shared was false information. I wasted so much time and too many banks runned my credit what made my credit even worse. If you want to protect your privacy and not waste time stay away from this place . thanks

This is the worst place to get a car. I bought a 2008 toyato Camry within two days of driving the car it started to smoke. I took the car back and after threating to call the lender to end the loan Curt found another car which by the way didn't not want to pay for the car radiator. My best advice is to not even bother coming here unless you want to deal with the headaches. Curt will not work with you esp when he sold you a lemon.    



*update. The replacement car I got from Curt believe it or not as of 7/29/2016 started to smoke on me. I called Curt to see if he can take care of it since radiator don't just stop working its months and months of damage and Curt wouldn't take my calls and finally took my call and hung up on me. Terrible dealership. I called my loan company to come get the car cause I'm not paying for a dime.

how did i end up paying $$$$13,000 for a car advertised for 6,400 and I put down 3,000??? I AM NOT EXAGGERATING!!!! THIRTEEN THOUSAND FOR A CAR ADVERTISED FOR 6,400 They had me do my review before I left the lot. So I would give them a good one. Not realizing... They did not give me my paperwork when I signed it and when I got it back, It did not say what it did when I signed it. Theses guys are a shame!!!! CROOKS!

Deceitful...I went there a few weeks ago with my friend to look at a vehicle. My friend took me there so I can look at the car for him. it looked really good online. But once we got there the vehicle had damages that he was trying to cover up. When asked about the damages, he became very defensive. If I was you, I would take my business elsewhere. His vehicles are marked at book price and he also doesn't detail the damages to his customers. And I seen a comment from a lady states that he tries to get you to give them five star rating upon purchasing a vehicle, so don't listen to the five-star ratings online. Take your business elsewhere, trust me.

Horrible experience. Went with my daughter to check out a vehicle - knew it had some cosmetic issues and brakes needed a little work. But was told it was "mechanically fine, just needs some love." Drove from Seattle to Redmond, upon arrival we're told another girl is seriously looking at it, but it's still available.... Only to find a p.o.s. that didn't start ( now he says it needs a new starter) noisy  belts  and I'm sure plenty more was wrong with it.  When my daughter said she has a young son - he says better forget this one, then we find out the  brakes were so bad it was unsafe to drive. Finally we're told well, " we're just keeping the car for some guy that knew how to fix cars."  Really? What about the other interested girl?!?! As we're leaving he says he can sell us his parts runner car for $2000. Unbelievable!!!! Told him his lying on the phone cost me plenty as it was.

Salesman treated us nicely, but owner is the most rude and sarcastic business owner I have ever come across. We requested that they hold our plates for pick up rather than mailing them and they screwed it up which wasn't a huge deal even when we called multiple times to remind them. Was talking to the owner when we finally figured out they sent them to the wrong place and he was incredibly rude and condescending. Or jeep  has so many other problems as well. The brakes had less life on them then they originally told us. The back door locks don't work. And issues with lights coming on and off for power steering fluid. There are multiple things not working properly. I would highly recommend choosing another place to do your shopping as they do not perform like a quality dealership.

Please save your money and mental health and don't even consider purchasing a car from Championship Motors!

On 2/13/2013, purchased a used vehicle from Championship Motors. Asked about vehicle condition and was told, "We had the car checked out". A few days after purchase, car started stalling and stopping in the middle of the road.

Also made a rattling noise. Called Championship Motors and they referred me to mechanic, who told me the catalytic convertor and exhaust system were totally shot and needed to be replaced. Mechanic felt Championship Motors probably knew this, and anyone could clearly see the damage if they put the car on the lift.

Then, took the car to another mechanic, who verified this problem, and also stated the car had numerous electrical problems also. Got another $800 estimate for repairs. Mechanic stated car was never safe to drive, and should not have been sold in the condition it was.

Went to Championship Motors with the pictures of the damage and to discuss this problem. I was told they didn't make much money off used cars, and that just because there were dents on the catalytic converter, it did not mean there was damage on the inside. Of course, the inside is damaged, and that's why the car stops in the middle of the road.

Pointed out they were in violation of Washington State law RCW 46.70.101 - It is a violation of dealer licensing regulations for a dealer to sell a car that cannot be safely operated on public highways. A car that constantly comes to a sudden stop is certainly not safe to drive.

Neither the employee, nor the owner of this business, Mr. Steve Spencer would do anything but refer us to a muffler business, saying, "We aren't going to do anything, we don't make any money from these cars".

After I paid several thousand dollars to completely rebuild the exhaust system and fix the other numerous problems with this car, I filed a complaint with the BBB.  Championship Motors then backpedaled, and agreed to pay for the replacement of the "repair", but I had already paid for the repair.  They never sent me any payment.

Ended up dumping the car for less than $500.  Huge waste of money.  A very lesson learned.  There's a reason used car dealers have such a bad reputation.

Used car dealerships get a reputation, unfortunately, this one deserves everything said.

I bought a nice looking BMW convertible, they hemmed and hawed when I pointed out that the top didn't work - seriously, a convertible that doesn't .... convert. Their responses were evasive like, "er, it was working yesterday" and "are you sure, seemed fine earlier". Against my instincts (and with my ex-wife's insistence that we buy it because it 'looks nice') I bought the car with the insistence that they fix the top to factory condition. They agreed. 

Talk about a worthless work order. First they sent the car to a "handy guy" that the owner knew. He wasn't so handy and couldn't fix it. After nearly a week and half, they saw that I wasn't going to go away and decided to bite the bullet and send it to a German car specialist up the road near them (no doubt with instructions to "keep it cheap" because they probably send the guy tons of business). 

The top got stuck in the open position ... then it started to rain (which didn't really matter, because the top leaked like a submarine with a sunroof...and leaked major oil to boot). I was pretty queued up at that point and demanded that the car go to a reputable dealership to get fixed, Bellevue BMW. They quoted me $1,600. Championship balked and said they weren't going to honor their agreement and that I should pretty much just grab my ankles.

A few months later, and a civil suit victory against their owner - boy was it fun to serve him with papers - Steve Spencer, who used to manage the sales at the old Classic Coaches at 80th and Aurora, where I bought an equally disastrous automobile and apparently didn't learn my lesson.

To top it off, the Audi loaner Championship gave me broke down twice...simply wouldn't start on a couple of occasions and left me stranded in rotten winter weather. 

Championship motors is not a trustworthy place of business - they seem to get cosmetically nice-looking wholesale bargains (for a reason, they are trouble waiting to happen) and then they schlep them off as mechanically sound. You might want to think twice about getting a "deal" at Championship.

Avoid this dealer!  They give all car dealers a bad name. Bought a BMW that I later found out was totaled with a washed title that Car-fax didn't catch.  They lied about not knowing although several repair shops stated any car dealer would have known from the obvious repairs. Car was unsafe to drive and Champion would not take back or repair. After all was said and done I lost $25K.

Slimey.  Bought a 2004 BMW 325i from these guys a couple months ago.  John was the salesperson and told me that there might be some little things wrong with it.  I test drove it, it ran good.  He said the brakes were good, engine solid, blah, blah.  So I understand that the car was used and it was "as is", but since we've owned it, we discovered that in addition to the brakes being shot (that was discovered 3 weeks after purchase despite them saying the brakes are good), the control arm bushing is bad, the oil pan is damaged and leaking oil significantly, the speedometer isn't working and may require a new computer because when Pep Boys repaired the speed sensor (after replacing two tires) it still didn't work.  John said they could probably help cover the labor on the brakes.  After a follow up call to discuss further, he reneged on that offer.  I'm looking at least 3k in repair costs for this car and SS Motors is saying tough luck.  I find it very hard to believe that SS Motors was unaware of any of these issues at the time of the sale.  Buyer beware with these guys, they don't back their cars or their word.

My daughter bought a used car from here 4 months ago. The head gasket was blown they kept the car for weeks supposedly fixing it. We picked it up several weeks later only to have it overheat within 15 minutes. Once again they picked up the car to fix the thermostat took 3-4 weeks. On the way home this time, white smoke again. The engine was completely blown. They have had the car for 2 months now and are refusing to fix it. They dumped it in a Mercer Island parking lot and now my daughter has a bill there. They have made 4 payments on a car they have had for one week. THIS IS A SHADY, DISHONEST CAR DEALERSHIP. 
UPDATE. My daughter traded in this hunk of junk and got 1K for it. She paid 10K. She had the car for one whole week, made 6 car payments, and received no assistance from the dealership.

While I bought a car from their other lot, people need to know about them! They sold me a car with a blown engine, transmission, and suspension. Oh, and the clutch went out in the first two weeks, so I took it back and all they offered me was a discount on a "new clutch". The reality was that they threw in a used clutch disk, and charged me $600. No new pressure plate, no new throw out bearing, and (obviously) no resurfacing of the flywheel. Oh, did I mention that they never replaced the pilot bearing either? Aside from that, the car had to be salvaged only the one year after buying it because everything broke at the same time. The cost for a new engine, transmission, and suspension cost over the value of the car, making it a complete salvage.   I ate $10,000 on that one. There's a reason why so many people call this place "The Lemon Lot".

Worst place ever! they took advantage of me and sold me vehicle from a flood that had mechanical issues!!! not happy! stay FAR away from this place if you can. They are  bunch of jokers... I also tried to take it back to have them check out the problem and they said they would drive it and it was never moved... I checked the miles... liars and just trying to make a buck,,, karma WILL get you!

In the beginning I thought wow, this place will be able to get things done and really help. Then all of a sudden nobody would return my calls, John the finance manager was never there when I stopped by, I went in filled out a loan application, dropped off proof of income and was told he would have John call me Saturday, no call, called on Monday and shocked to hear he had heard nothing about my credit app or me and that he would look around for it, my personal info just gone.  I would hear things like John will be in at 10, at 11 when I would call again he would be at Lunch. Then I would stop by the next day, not there, then he went to the hospital one day because he hurt is foot but would be back at 3, called at 3, nope not in. Most inconsistent business I've ever seen. I called 3 times on a Friday to ask about my loan application, of course John wasn't there, a random person I've never talked to called me back, said I'll call and find out give me An hour, what a surprise no call back, ever to this day a week ago. I had to call the bank and find out information on my own. I'm shocked at the lack of customer service and dependability. Even if you aren't able to help me, Atleast give me the courtesy of a call back. Ridiculous.

Stopped to look at an Audi Avant they had for sale that caught my eye as I was driving down Lake City Way. The car was kinda beat upon closer inspection, I asked the price and was told $9900 which was way too much for the car so I left. Later that day I was looking on Craigslist and saw the car listed for $6900, three grand less than what I was told by the salesman.Real slimeballs!

If I could give negative stars I would.

The owner/manager is completely rude and unprofessional.  Go somewhere else.

I bought a 10,000.00 used vehicle from this dealership. As we drove off the lot we noticed a loud sound coming from the front tire as we turned our wheels...we called the dealership as soon as we could get our car in for a checkup. The Chevy dealership that was inspecting our car told us that there were numerous problem. Brakes, front lights not working, tire monitor sensor broken, shocks very worn and needing replacing, Ride Control sensor broken...But the biggest of our issues was the CRACKED BUSHINGS on our front right wheel. I called the owner, SA'ID, and I told him all of the issues, and he said those are all isues that are called "TLC" issues. I said I would pay for all of the TLC issues, but I will NOT pay for the bushings. Cracked bushings are very dangerous for my wife and 4 little children to be driving around in, and we should have been told those were cracked. He said "too bad.". I said, what if I pay for half the bill and you pay for half the bill. He said "I already gave you a good deal on the truck, I will not pay for even half the bill (which is going to be $175.00) unless your willing to buy another car from me. 
I believe this service is horrendous, and I am even willing to pay for half the service cost!!! These people are exactly WHY USED CAR DEALERSHIPS get the horrible horrible press they do...

STAY AWAY FROM THIS HORRIBLE COMPANY!!!!  Serj is the worst person I have ever delt with, he continuously lies and changes arrangments, not to mention avoids phone calls and doesnt return them either. The sales associate daisy was very nice... Tammy was very manipulative and non professional. Overall experience the owners are running a bad business. Dont go here no matter what, dont let them try to sucker you or offer in house finance.. Get your own!  I WOULD RATE ZERO STARS IF POSSIBLE

**EDIT** Just wanted to update this since I see more people having similar issues.

First when I looked at the car it had a "check engine light" on. They upfront said, " we have the parts coming, they will be here tomorrow." I was trading in my only vehicle at the time ( a 98 chevy Z71 fully loaded pickup ) so I really wanted this Subaru WRX ( being my first. ) I drove it home, and awaited several days for this said part to show up. I had to drive it to and from work for the time being babying it the hole way. 

The said part was the stock air box filter and MAF SENSOR. 

I know now the vital roles this plays for any car or truck. I would have NEVER drove it for a test drive knowing it was missing a MAF SENSOR. I found a shop rag had been zip tied over the intake to the turbo. If that shop rag had been sucked into the motor the hole car would've been shot!

Several un-returned phone calls and days later I take it in, it finaly got fixed. Serj's hole personality came into light playing phone tag and hearing enough of his BS. He claimed we could bring the car back, and he'd still keep my truck and we'd see him in court. I didn't have time for all this and since he fixed the car I shut up left the review and moved on...

Not long later I realize another huge problem with the car...

It had two different sized tires on the front then the back. Anyone who knows AWD knows this is a huge NO F'n DO! Fronts were 205/45/17 and rears 215/45/17.
This causes all sorts of damage to the AWD system. So not only has the engine gone under harmful use without a vital sensor jerry rigged by SS Motors, but the drive train too! 

In the end Serj bought me new tires at a discount place and I kept my car, with all that uneeded damage.

Paid 11.5k on a 03 WRX with 124k on it. I know call me stupid....( these cars sell for less than 8k with less miles ) Call me stupid twice for taking only 3.5k on trade-in for my mint chevy rated at 6.5KBB

Hey guys... Today was my hearing against SS Motors and I won my case !! JUSTICE HAS BEEN SERVED!! Thank you to All who responded with their support ....My husband and I are beyond Happy right now.. JUSTICE!!!!!!!

Today, I had the most unpleasant phone conversation with Denny Hynes who is the Used Car Director. I had brought my car back to my dealership to fix an exterior flaw. The clear coat on my car was peeling. On my initial visit, the assistant used car manager was nice and patient enough to offer options to resolve the problem. The dealership worked with an auto body shop who did changed the coating and the finish product was satisfactory. On the day of pick up, I noticed visible scratches and paint transfers on the fender near where the work was performed. Prior to this, we had a walk through with a service advisor and we did not see any of those. We immediately pointed out the scratches and paint transfers which they said it will have to be communicated with Denny Hynes(Used Car Director). The following day, we received an email saying WE would need to take care of those ourselves. 

Denny Hynes was not in the Shoreline location at the time so we contacted him via phone and explained the situation. With condescending tone, he immediately says, "I am the Used Car Director, I am not spending any more money on your car!" He would not listen and when I speak he would say, "Stop talking over me." The response I received from this man was unexpected and upsetting. The way he treated me shows poor and lack of customer service on his behalf. (All I want to do is bring my car back home the same condition as I had left it with them.)

Car maintenance is fine here, but don't ever purchase a car from this dealership. I was quoted on 15 minutes to finish paperwork to get my car, but the salesman had me there for 3+ hours because he kept leaving to try and make sales. 
Since purchasing the car has had several mechanical issues, and the manager was not only unsympathetic but unprofessional in the coldness he treated me with. 
Employees have snapped at me. 

I thought I would be a lifelong Subaru buyer but this dealership has treated me so poorly I will never buy another one again.

I won't be returning. My last visit here was very disappointing. I'm an avid Subaru fan , love the vehicles (I'm currently on my 3rd Subaru) but the way I was treated shows that my business wasn't wanted. 

I brought my vehicle in to have a cv axel replaced under the factory warranty. The service advisor initially told me it was covered but when I showed up to have the work done, I was told I would have to pay.  Now I totally understand this is a business and they too need to make money but this part was clearly under the manufactures warranty. After making a few calls we got the issue resolved. However it's really annoying to be told conflicting stories. 

In addition to this issue I had them replace a part of the drivers side seat and they didn't replace one of the parts taken off. So now there's an exposed wire and metal part of the seat exposed. Very unprofessional. 

I live in Ballard but I will be going to the Kirkland Subaru dealership location moving forward. 

Where I bought my car from in Idaho, the staff was superb but I can't say the same about this location.

Totally disappointed in the way these guys have attempted to take advantage of me.

I took my Subaru Outback in because it had an airbag inflator recall.  While they had my car in the shop, the shiny new loaner car they gave me was broken into...passenger window smashed and my wallet stolen.
When I returned the loaner car, they tried to charge me $800 to repair the window.  After some back and forth they begrudgingly lowered the cost to $350 saying they would give me the 'warranty price'....their actual cost of the window + labor to install it.

First of all, it's appalling that they even CONSIDERED trying to make an additional $450 off of me when my wallet had just been stolen.  Had I not known that $800 is an absurd amount to pay, they would have had no problem taking advantage of me.

Secondly, it seems to me that if they cared about the relationship, they would have only charged me the actual replacement cost of the window because 1) It's their car, and they should have insurance and/or support from Subaru to address this issue.  2)The broken window was not my fault...it was a theft on their shiny new car that has no security system (my car is less shiny and has a security system), and   3) The only reason I had the loaner car in the first place was because Subaru recalled my car! 

When I asked for them to waive the labor cost and only charge their actual parts cost, the response I got was "No...we're not making any money on this repair." Clearly these guys don't understand the value of a relationship and prioritize money over service. 

In addition, when I picked up my car, they suggested that sounds coming from the engine indicated that I needed a complete engine rebuild...on the order of $6-7000 worth of work.   I immediately drove my car to my usual mechanic who seemed to think this was not true.  Time will tell who is correct, but my instinct is telling me that Carter is simply looking for ways to turn recall repairs into money making opportunities.  Once again...focused on money, not service.

It takes a while to build trust.  Mine is not with Carter right now.

If it's any consolation, when my girlfriend was choosing to buy a car two weeks later and had to choose between one from Carter and from another dealer, she chose the other dealer.

Called them looking for parts and advice for my scooter. I set up an appointment, drove to their location and a rude man told me that the person I was to meet with was too busy to meet with me.   I called them a day later and spoke with a women that was to get pricing on parts and to see if they could order them for me.  She called me back 2 weeks later, still didn't have pricing and told me she would get back to me.  I never did hear back from her.  This place is a joke!

Well, I have been car shopping the last few weeks and I must say I have a whole new grasp on what car salesmen are like unfortunately I can't say it's good!! I've been to several dealerships, Sunset Auto in Auburn, Enterprise car sales in Renton, Burien Chevrolet, Toyota of Bellevue, Auburn car sales. I've dealt with West Coast Auto Loans, CarGurus, cars.com and more that I can't even remember right now. I have a whole new outlook on what buying a car is like being a first time buyer myself I had heard the rep of car salesmen for years 
and most of you already know it's not a good one but I never realized how real and how bad they really could be until I went to these places looking for a car) II feel I should share.....they all started out wonderful to begin with and I'm straight up from the get-go about where my credit is and what my income is and so forth,  each and every one assures me that they will be able to get me financed and get me a car...NOT!!!! it was bad enough that they would act like they could help me but I would explain to them I had no money to put down I had an older car I could trade in my credit wasn't that good and I just started my job they knew all this up front and still insisted they be able to help me and then to make it worse the vehicle I have now had no breaks and so if I was to go to one of the dealerships I needed to be able to leave with a new car otherwise I wouldn't be safe driving and I wanted my last trip to be to get a car that is safe they all wanted me to come down with no brakes promising me that they could get me a new car they didn't care how tired I was after work, they didn't care how far I had to drive it didn't matter they would make me think that they would help me and all they would do is get me to fill out their app and then send me away and leaving me in a scarier situation every time and I am feeling that they never had any intentions of trying to help me at all they lied to me they became very vague ad soon as I filled out the application  and they would always switch cars on me also in the car I wanted I wouldn't be the one they could get me of course  and it was always a completely humiliating situation in the end because I felt stupid for being lied to when I asked them everything up front. I just want to put it out there if anybody was in a situation for buying a car and believe that advertisements that they put out there ...think again! They can't help unless you have a cosigner or half the money of the vehicle up front or are willing to buy a car that you don't want to get or pay something like 22% in interest they have an excuse for everything!!!!! In all fairness Toyota of Bellevue was very nice and very honest from the get-go and they never made promises to me they couldn't sleep so I was walked in with my eyes open and I am just waiting on Burien Chevrolet who had me come out after work no matter how tired I was last night with the pretense that I already been okayed to get a car and then they sent me away but I haven't heard back yet so maybe they'll come through ...what a shock that would be would make him the only car dealership they could keep their word in the neighborhood or maybe they'll just be like everybody else stay tuned!!! I will post hopefully when I hear back from them....  IF I hear back from them that is.. .

So review update 2months after getting my car from this place I realized wow I got taken for a ride ! They do not have any follow through!! Chris who sold me the car clearly only cares about making a sale ! He promised to send the person who referred me a 100$ gas card , so I told them to expect it and guess what? They have still not received it ! Chris in finance is horrible at dealing with people! This used to be a good place but sadly it's not anymore .I will send everyone I know to car pros in renton ! If you know what's good for you avoid this place!

My relative was recently talked in to an expensive car by this low life salesman. I know darn well she can't afford the car payments, let alone the insurance payments. I am furious that she fell prey to predatory lending and am going to look into your company closely. Bad, bad company!

Is it possible to give a NEGATIVE TEN stars? Went with my father to pick a car in September. Purchased a Hyundai. Car died stranding my father on the first trip in it for 2.5 hours, and discovered the E-brake would not hold the vehicle on flat ground, when it started to roll away- which they somehow completely overlooked despite their much vaunted "109 point inspection." THIS IS A SERIOUS SAFETY ISSUE which they also tried to explain away. Brought it back, the manager JIM agreed to take it to Hyundai; they couldn't find the problem; fixed the E-brake; and, stated that the vehicle needed a brake system flush and induction cleaning. Enterprise neglected to mention this, I found it on the invoice, asked about it, was told "It's just them trying to get money out of us"; called the Service Manager, verified that the work was necessary, confronted Enterprise. Was told the work would be done at Hyundai. 2, hours of traffic, 2 hours back to Enterprise: JIM the manager says "I told you they were just trying to get money out of us! Ha!" and presented with an invoice from another shop showing that they said (fee $25. not charged or paid) none of the work needed done. At this point, it is very clear that JIM not only LIED to me, he has the sheer gall to rub my nose in it and laugh. Research, track down someone I can speak to in authority; hours of runaround; given name of Troy Klemo as district management. Call Troy; go into the whole situation in depth and detail, including the fact that I am really incensed over being lied to. Troy says HE will PERSONALLY make sure the work is done at Hyundai, as per the original verbal contract. Another 2 hours EACH WAY through traffic, get there, my Dad gets the car; they have NO INVOICE, but here, take your car. I get back. I call Troy- straight to voice mail; leave message advising him that I want the invoice ASAP to verify that the work WAS done. No response. Six days later, I call again, still doesn't answer, I leave another message. EIGHT days later, I get an invoice: work -if performed - was done at the same shop that was NOT to do the work, and NOT at Hyundai. AGAIN, I was deliberately misled by another Enterprise "Manager" who flat lied to me. 
 These guys are LIARS; are disrespectful; clearly lack morals and ethics, and have no qualms whatsoever about breaking their word.
 If we did not like the car, I would return it and SUE THEM for deceptive business practices; breach of contract; and, ungodly amounts of wasted time, gas, and money in dealing with this complete debacle.
 I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMEND TAKING YOUR BUSINESS ELSEWHERE

My husband and I recently had the unpleasant experience of NOT buying a car through Enterprise.

We were interested in buying through them because they do have good prices and rental car companies do regular maintenance of their vehicles.  However...

They do not let you browse through their lot.  Instead, they hustle you into an office to "tell you about how Enterprise works" and get an idea of what you are looking for.  Then, they go out to their lot and find a car they decide would be a good match.  We were shown one car this way, but it did not thrill us and we did not want to just jump at the first thing we saw.

We were encouraged to come back in the next day or two, as, we were told, a number of new cars were expected in, including a Cobalt, which is a model in which my husband had expressed a particular interest.  

We came back in two days later.  Again, we were immediately hustled into an office.  The salesman told us they did get a Cobalt in the day before, but it had been purchased by someone else almost immediately.  Again, the salesman went out to find cars he decided would be a good match.  We were shown two more cars this way.  One reasonably met our criteria, but the other was so far off from what we had said we were looking for, it was a joke.

Husband said, you know, we really want a Cobalt, so we'll just wait until you have one in.  Salesman said some are expected in the following week and he'd keep us posted.  He even asked what colors we would prefer.  We got a call a few days later and were told several Cobalts had just been come in from their rental fleet, but needed be serviced before they could be sold.  A few days later, we had another call.  They had a Cobalt ready for us.  However, it was white, which is the one color we had specifically said we did not want.  Somewhere along the way, "several" Cobalts became just this one.  We said we did not want the white Cobalt.  They said, why don't you come in tomorrow, anyhow, and "we'll see what we can do for you."  

I told my husband I did not want to go back in there just to be held hostage in this man's office again while we were shown a bunch of cars we did not want.  We called the next morning and were told there would be a red Cobalt available within a few days.  It was not yet on the lot.  It was even cheaper than the other one we'd discussed.  All seemed good.  The salesman wanted us to come in that day to do some preliminary  paperwork as a sort of "good faith" gesture that we were interested in that car.

We had been planning to look at other car dealerships that day, but decided to go for this one instead.  However, when we went in a few hours later, were told this red Cobalt, which was not even on the lot yet, had also been sold.  I was absolutely livid.

We concluded that these people never had any intention of helping us get a car we actually wanted, but, instead, just wanted to pawn off on us some vehicle that had been sitting around their lot longer than they would like.  We felt completely jerked around by these people and will NEVER do business there again.

UPDATE, about a year later: These guys sold me a shitty car. Again, it's a used car dealer and I knew going into this that I was taking a risk, but there are just so many details that are annoying, mainly electrical. I also had to replace the throttle body just a couple months after buying it ($800+ repair). The brakes were also almost completely worn down (both front and back), already replaced as well. The automatic running boards only work when they want to, the dome light will come on out of nowhere, which is especially frustrating while driving at night. The air bag light comes on randomly and stays on, there is a light that says "tire monitor fault" that comes on after driving a certain distance all the time, one of the heated seats (driver) doesn't work, the rear defrost doesn't work, and there is a grinding/squeaky noise that it makes when I don't even brake, just as a take off sometimes. So yeah, I made a really bad purchase with these guys. They are cool dudes and all, but that doesn't change the fact that I bought something that I already want to get rid of. No way I am spending money to fix all those things. Shit out of luck here with Wheels and Deals. Guess who's never buying a car here again?

My experience with these guys was all around awful.  We bought a 2007 Nissan Murano this past summer that they said was in great shape, no problems, etc. but as soon as we got it off the lot we began to have nothing but problems with it.  Furthermore, there was another issue that they apparently didn't think was all that big of a deal but was a big deal to me: as I was about to finish signing the papers they tell me "oh by the way this car only comes with 1 key/remote" and I said wait a minute that is information I wish I had known, I do not want to have to go buy a key/remote, get it prorammed, etc because that is very expensive to do.  I said if you don't have a spare key for this then I'll find something else or you can buy a key for me.  Then they changed their story and said oh we have one its just upstairs somewhere we'll have to dig it out and mail it to you. So one week, then a month goes by and no key, so I have to harass them about where my spare key is two or three times a week (half the time they wouldn't even get back to me) and they act like how dare you have the audacity asking for the spare key that they PROMISED me as if I was asking for something entirely unreasonable.  So after harassing them for a couple months they finally say "fine we'll buy you a key with our own money but we will NOT pay to have it programmed you have to do that"  which was totally different than what they told me they'd do when i bought the car (they said if they couldn't find it they would replace it at NO COST to me whatsoever- yea, right)  Gee, thanks, the remote costs like a whole $20 but it costs $120 to get it programmed at a dealership.  So they covered the cheap part and (big surprise) stuck me with the most expensive part.

In the meantime within a week of buying the car it had rained for the first time, and we came out and found our seats soaked as the sunroof leaked.  Then we discovered there was a leak in the exhaust.  Then the check engine light came on, then it start leaking oil, then it kept going through radiator fluid and discovered there was a leak one of the hoses, one thing after another in just a few short months.  They really took us, especially considering what they charged us (and they wouldn't budge on the price insisting it was in "top notch condition with no problems whatsoever,") I had a mechanic look at it after all these problems started to arise (my mistake, obviously, should've had it inspected before I purchased but I thought I could trust them; again, my mistake) and he said they had pretty much taped the thing together just enough to sell it and get it off the lot, after which it started immediately coming apart.  I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND AGAINST BUYING ANYTHING FROM THESE GUYS, THEY ARE NOT HONEST AND NOT TRUSTWORTHY THEY DO NOT KEEP THEIR WORD AND THE CARS THEY SELL ARE TOTAL CRAP.  They said the car was in great shape, had no problems, etc.  I don't know much about cars so I took their word for it and boy was that a HUGE mistake.  Live and learn I guess.

I went there to look at a 22 year old Subaru, which they said came with a service warranty. Well I thought that was odd used cars dobt have warranties, I was interested in the car, which was $1,500. I wanted to get it checked out by a mechanic however it was a Sunday and my mechanic was not working. I was told if I did not buy the vehicle it wouldn't last and they were not going to wait for me to get it to my mechanic. Because of the few obvious issues I offered $1,300 and was told the car was too good that they would not lower the price in anyway, and said since there is a warranty on the Driveline I have nothing to worry about. I agree to pay the 1500 and after they went to process the paperwork they come back and say they were mistaken and they could not offer a warranty on a car that old so they were going to drop the price to 1350. The engine is solid but it has a massive oil leak and I am looking at spending a couple hundred bucks to fix that. My mechanic said the engine is good enough to go ahead and put the money into it but that they were asking too much for the car. Bottom line don't trust anything this dealership tells you they will advertise it putting a warranty on a used car and then pull the warranty to see you are competing at the sale. This is not the first time they've done this I've heard of them doing it on multiple occasions. It's their way of bait and switch.

I bought an 05 F150 and totally got scammed. They sold me a lemon and did nothing to make it right. They couldn't even apologize. I got the truck under asking price because cosmetically it wasn't up to par. During the test drive the sales guy told me the truck had new breaks and would look into the ABS light because it had come on during the drive, but insisted it was nothing major. Well during paper work and working at a sale price I totally space following up on the ABS light and that is partially my fault for not making sure that was taken care of. When I came back to pick up the truck the ABS light was no longer on, so I didn't think twice about it. Well getting two blocks down the road it appeared again. I made several attempts to reach the sale guy over the course of three days, but no call backs since the initial conversation saying he would look into it once he got back to the shop. He also back peddled about the breaks being new. It shows he was full of lies and blowing smoke up my a**! The good part was the brakes were new, but why feel the need to back peddle unless you had something to hide. It only gets worse from here. After only driving the truck three times because I had been on vacation and it wasn't my primary vehicle the tranny began to slip. I took it to a mechanic who was a God sent. The owner of the mechanic shop was more pissed then I was. He said the dealership totally scammed me and they need to make it right. He also said the truck was set that once a fault or issue appears on the dash that it will show until you turn off the truck and will disappear as if you didn't have any issues. He had no doubt that they knew of the tranny problem and sold it to me as is that way. I attempted to call the dealership and I had to wait 2 more days to get a call from the general manager, but to my surprise no phone call back. I attempted one more time and got nothing but disrespect. The general manager  told me it didn't matter if I drove it for a bunch of miles or 2 seconds off the lot. It was my issue. No sympathy or anything. Total D-bag. I paid cash and out the door roughly 11,500$ for the truck and I got screwed over big time. I will never recommend anyone to this place. Word of mouth I will share how much these people just take your money and sell lemons. Do not trust them. During the deal they said I couldn't take it to a mechanic if I wanted the deal we had on the table. They knew what they were doing. Stay far far away from this place!!! Money sucking a**'s.

Last year I went to Wheels & Deals with my dad and he bought a car there. The experience was amazing, great customer service and the owner of the store was there and is super nice as well. Because the experience was so great last time and time came to buy a vehicle myself, I quickly looked at Wheels & Deals inventory and made a trip up. The salesman I worked with was rude and not worth dealing with. The owner was still there and nice as ever but after dealing with a typical used car salesman with poor customer service I won't be back. I hope the best for this company but they need to make sure their sales people take care of the customer and treat them with respect.

These guys are fulfilling the stereotype of crappy used car sales guys...

After agreeing to pay the advertised price of a vehicle and collecting our personal information for credit approval, the pre-owned sales manager at Bob Byers Volvo refused to accept a personal check as a down payment because my check had an out of state address listed. I explained that we recently moved to the Seattle area and still own real estate in the state that my checking account reflects.

Initially, the sales person stated that they could not accept my check due to local Washington state banking laws. When I questioned what laws he was talking about he left the room and came back and said that his manager stated that it is a business policy. The sales manager and sales person expressed that they would only accept a cashiers check to complete the sale. This policy was not written in any of the documents that were provided and only came up after we provided a personal check. We later emailed the sales person and requested to confirm that all documents with our personal information please be destroyed and have not gotten a response.

Later on in the day, we went to Sandberg Volvo in Lynnwood and were able to purchase a similar car that we were interested in with no questions asked nor weird application of "WA state banking laws".

These guys had the car diagnosed before I handed them the keys to run the diagnosis (RED FLAG!).

Against my best judgement and the butterflies in my stomach, I continued handing them the keys to do a "proper diagnosis". Well, they didn't do any additional diagnosis. They did however manage to change the gear shifter button, rack up additional "analysis" time, and perform a throttle cleaning.

I don't even know what a throttle cleaning is! They tacked it on without my consent!

This is SOOOO VERY unprofessional. When you are doing a job that no one trusts you to do anyway (like work in a service department at an auto place), it seems it would be in your best interest to work that much harder to be honest so that you can rise above the the rest of the bums out there!!!

Also, When I chose this place, yelp showed through my mobile phone that this place had 56 votes bringing it to 4 stars. That's why I chose the place. Moving to my desktop has revealed that this place only had two (2) reviews prior to me. 

BE CAUTIOUS YELP USERS!!!

$71.50 to change the oil.
$556 on a $250 part. $105 to install it (4 screws easy access)
$68 for windshield wipers (parts and labor)
$14.55 miscellaneous shop supplies huh?
a little steep

Purchased a car with 70,000 mi. and a semi-wonky Carfax history. I brought this to light and asked whether the car had been inspected for any problems. Was reassured the car was in great condition- "the cleanest car in the lot."

Within 500 miles of driving the car I discovered a pre-existing problem with the steering rack and pinion, costing over $2,000 to fix. Found several other small mechanical problems.

These are all problems they would have known about after having "their mechanic look the car over before putting it on the lot". 

I feel that I was lied to and knowingly sold a broken-down car.

By chance, I met the previous owner of the car I bought here. In comparing what he told me about the car and what I've discovered since I've owned it, I might suggest the "Check engine" light had been intentionally suppressed. It came on the day after I bought it and required a $1600 catalytic converter. Apparently that light had previously been on for months. Mmmmm... Changed my rating from poor to not recommended.

This dealership doesn't deserve one star. My husband and I bought a car through Sunnyside and Seattle Metropolitan Credit Union financed my loan. About a year later we went to trade in the car to upgrade and we were told the title for the car financed by this bank was a total loss and we would not get a dime for a trade in. We didn't want to sell a total loss car to anyone so we ended up trading the car (to scrap it) for $0 during the purchase of a new car and we had to chalk up about $6,000. We were shocked and outraged to hear a bank would finance a car without doing some research.   We were also shocked to buy a car from this dealership and learn it was a dirty title. 

Never buy a vehicle from this dealership!  They are dirty and we lost a lot of money.

Just went here to purchase a 1999 Dodge Durango. The salesman was okay. Not the most polite person, but not a complete a hole either.

So here's the pros:
1. Car was in great condition on the outside (considering its age)
2. It ran quietly and smoothly.
3. The inside was pretty clean.
4. The tires had great tred on them.
5. The salesman really wanted to sell us the car. He even offered to fix the struts for free (if we pay for the parts) and replaced the battery that kept dying (with a battery from another used car)
 
And now the cons:
1. The guy was very angry and irritated when we would ask certain questions about the issues.
2. The glove box was broken and They didn't care to fix it.
3. My sister had a $3,000 limit for her card and while she was on the phone with the bank, the salesman ran her card without her permission for the $3,000. So now she has to come back tomorrow and pay the remaining $1600 and borrow money to put gas in it. 
 
Overall this place is shady. I will post and update on the vehicle. Don't think it will make it far, but we shall see.
Just stay far away from this place!

Please if you do anything do not buy a car from this place. I bought a car from them last year. It was an audi looked great. I am a college student buying my first car and the car I bought from the broke down after 3 months. It cost more to fix it then to buy a new car. I am now stuck with a car that had LAWN SPRINKLER parts in it that  I am still paying off. Please they will trick you and seem all nice but it's a scam they buy Thierry cars from auctions and Jimmy rig them long enough for it to get out of lemon law. Please don't make the mistake. They even got me to lie to the credit loan. Don't do it. Please. I hope no one buys vehicles here. They get employees to write reviews.

I came here back in March to get a car. I had a really nice lady who helped me out which made the whole car shopping experience not so bad. It wasn't until AFTER I got the car, signed the papers and PAID that a taller old man walked in and said that the car isn't ready for me to drive and that the mechanic needs to fix a cooolant leak!

It was on a Sunday, so i then had to stress about coming all the way back here from Kent AND get to work.
Horrible thing for them to do. Very dishonest people. Oh and guess what? Here it is May, STILL haven't gotten my registration papers that were due to me May 6th. and cherry topper? that leak, they NEVER fixed it. Apparently I need to call and schedule a time for their mechanic to come to me. And when i called about my registration for my car, they said they would send it next day. 3 days later...still waiting. 


don't waste you time with this mess. awful business and they truly don't care.

If you want a car that isn't reliable go here! Bought a car 5 months and now I have to take it to the junk yard! DO NOT trust "their" mechanic to fix ANY problem! These people have no conscience and I wonder how they sleep at night! This place is a TOTAL COMPLETE JOKE and I wouldn't even recommend my ex husband to go to them, and I don't even like him!

Back in November 2012 I was looking for a convenient dealer to sell my vehicle on consignment while i travelled overseas. After getting a recommendation for Munich from a friend I contacted the owner. He was very knowledgable, had a great inventory, but best of all understood that convenience was a major factor. We signed the paperwork and that is when everything deteriorated. 

As I traveled I periodically sent emails and called to check progress; no response. In addition, I could see no attempt to sell the vehicle online. Even my local friends could find no local listings of the car (2007 Audi s4). 

Fast forward to two days ago (may 20); and I am back in Seattle visiting friends. I decided to "drop in" to Munich. The owner explained to me that the car was on an overnight with a potential buyer. However, as I look at his other vehicles, my car pulls into the lot. 

I grab the keys and jump in, i get to the stop light and it hits me; 1,400 additional miles were added to my vehicle during the time it was at Munich Evolution. 
OVER 1,400 MILES!

With great restraint, I returned to the shop and ask for an explanation. The incoherent blithering excuses that I got from the owner were embarrassing; from "I thought it would be sold by the time you returned," to "I had no other car to drive!"  Everything just short of driving the car in reverse to take the miles back off... He even offered to compensate me for the added mileage... 

Begs the question; Whose car they are driving now??

Called looking for a classic BMW 3 series and whoever answered the phone was totally rude and short. 

Yeah no thanks.

The staff here are really nice. The cars on lot are clean and you'll be assured they have been inspected by their mechanic but beware; I would highly recommend you have any vehicle you are thinking about buying from here pre-inspected by your own mechanic. Bought car and about three weeks later found major oil and coolant leaks. Repairs cost me over $3500 to fix, almost half of what I purchased car for. I will never buy from here again.

We came here twice to look at a diesel truck. The first time the sales guy (didn't catch his name because apparently he has an issue with women and won't awknowledge me he would only talk to my boyfriend... But He said he is from Canada) not only was he not listening to what we were wanting but tried to sell us his personal diesel truck! We left and looked else where but ended back there today to try for a certain truck low and behold the same guy was there.. We took one out for a test drive, total shit truck... Was leaking oil, jerked real hard, the steering was totally off (wheel had to be turned almost all the way around to go straight) and had no air filter or oil cap! So we told the guy (or I should say I tried he ignored me flat out and would only talk to my boyfriend...) He went on to tell us that it's normal for trucks to be in that shape and blah blah blah (they wanted 15,000 for this truck) but said they would fix it all... We then test drove the truck we really wanted (it was more money... This guy was trying to push us into the shitier truck) the waited around for a good hour or so for his finance guy to put through the paper work! Needless to say it was a waste of time, this dealership is a joke, selling a truck that they don't want to use labor to fix (the oil leak..) the owners own words! Also trying to say that all 7.3 diesels leak... Bullshit! If you are looking for a lemon and a vehicle that is probably gonna break down these are your guys... But I would probably save your money and go else where!

they sold me a lemon that was already brought in as a lemon from someone else clutch went out after only having the truck for one month we took the truck to the Dodge dealer they told us the bill will be $3000 millenium was not interested in helping us that they gave my wife the service plan she denied itso we are now stuck with a lemon after only one monthcheck the reviews on other sites might be good to buy a car at but not a truckyou would think after spending almost 40,000 dollars on a truck the clutch would be good

I hate to complain or write bad reviews, so I've sorta put off writing this.  It's been a year since I went to Superior Auto, and I chose them based on their reviews, but I'm afraid my experience wasn't the same as most others have expressed.  The staff was really great, at least until I had problems, and then they were still good sometimes even after that.  But the replacement clutch they installed smelled and slipped during city driving from day one.  And the process of getting it corrected was extremely frustrating.

At first I thought maybe the original replacement clutch just needed to be broken in a bit, so I waited.  I ended up waiting a while since I don't do a lot of city driving.  The car is mostly used to go hiking or go on road trips to national parks.  Eventually though, after realizing the problem wasn't going away, I took it back and asked them to take a look to see if it needed adjustment or if there was some other problem.  I ended up going back 3 times before they finally said they'd replace the clutch again.  

I'm grateful that they did replace it, and I understand it was expensive for them, but it was very frustrating getting them to that point.  The worst part was that they were insulting in the process.  Their written invoices criticized my vehicle maintenance including making the assumption that I hadn't changed the oil since I'd seen them (which I had thru another shop) and criticized my driving including saying I drove the car like it was a sports car.  

In their defense, I am a somewhat aggressive driver, but I didn't change my driving habits when I got the replacement clutch.  When I pointed that out they did become a bit more understanding and in the end I'm glad to say they did concede and warrantied the clutch.  I don't know if the first replacement was defective or if it was just a cheaper sub-standard clutch, which does concern me a bit.  I'm not sure if they know either because I insisted on paying more for a better quality clutch the second time.  And the reason I insisted on that was because they informed me verbally and in writing that they wouldn't warranty the second replacement clutch for the slipping or smelling.  

I'm happy to say the second replacement clutch, while still not seeming quite as good as the factory original, is much better than the first one they installed.  So the eventual outcome is ok.  I just wish it hadn't been such a hassle getting to that point.  Of course I know the majority of the expense for a clutch replacement is the labor so I understand their reluctance.

In summary, I did eventually get a decent replacement clutch, but I won't be going back to them.  And I'd never recommend them to others.  That's partly because of the first defective or sub-standard clutch and questions surrounding the quality of their parts, but it's mostly because of the hassle it was to get the situation resolved.  They didn't create a positive customer-service experience for me that would encourage me to return for more work.  In the process they also lost the chance to do more work for me that would help recoop some of the money they lost.

Do not get service, parts, or even buy from this dealership. I regret that I bought my mini here in 2013. Lousy salesman behavior, and horrible service behavior with patrons, even the service manager. My biggest regret is that I didn't buy it, my beautiful mini at the Tacoma dealership. Do you not, I repeat do not go to this dealership. Go to Tacoma. I live in Seattle but take my mini down to Tacoma every time. Tacoma dealership never disappoints.

When it rains I had a water leak inside of my car. I called the dealership & was told it would be about $190 to research the problem. A few weeks later I called & set up an appointment. Upon arriving at the dealership a different service rep said to locate the problem would be $285. I reluctantly agree.  

After researching the problem I was told the leak came from the third brake light and there was a second leak around the rear trunk seal. The cost to repair would be $858 plus tax. Although the car was recently serviced, they also recommend a brake system fluid exchange, cooling system service, and to replace the micro filter. The total cost being only $1,340.54. I declined their offer and took the car to another shop who simply replaced the gasket around the third brake light for a modest fee. I learned the seal around the trunk did not leak. Problem solved. Never will I use Seattle Mini again. Their entire focus is on cross-selling additional services rather than focusing on the needs of the customer.

My 2003 Cooper S was overheating and I had received a recall notice on the steering motor pump so I went in to have it serviced.   Took nearly 4 hours and $650 (replaced the secondary fan to deal with the overheating issue).  The next week the car overheated again.  Seems like an antifreeze leak vs a fan problem.  I setup a second appointment online for 8 am.  Dropped off the car before 8.   Was told that there was a fee of $142 to checkout the problem which was disappointing since I just spent $650 to address the overheating issue and they dealt with the car for hours.  I went out with a friend to do a hike and had him drop me off at the dealership a little over 2 hours later.  Asked how things were looking and was told that they had not even started looking at the car.   Considering that I spent $650 already with zero success, that they wanted $142 to even look at the car, that I could be at the dealer much of the day with no loaner (I was told that the 8 am appointment was really just a drop off time), I simply asked for my keys back.  I have an excellent mechanic that charges $0 to take a look, charges very reasonable rates and tends to diagnose and repair things the first time.   No need to bother with the Mini dealership for maintenance and repairs.   What a waste of time and money.   I will say the people are pretty friendly at Seattle Mini and the showroom is comfortable.

Minis are junk.  I own one.  Constantly breaking down and expensive to fix as they are put together very tight. Also, the service department is so busy that they rush cars through and fail to take the time to review and inspect a vehicle and really take care of the car before something major appears.  They are pushing cars there in order to increase profits and make as much money through their service department as possible.

They couldn't answer my questions about the car and failed to catch problems with the car when I had it inspected, which ended up costing me more money when the car needed maintenance.

DO NOT GO HERE! Scammers at their finest. The sales people are total A**HOLES who aren't even good at selling. They are condescending and rude. I bought a car from here from a guy named Chad who was very helpful and their best salesman. He quit because of how poorly he was treated so my payments were now taken over by the other workers and they tried have me pay way more than was agreed and interest was not part of the deal. The cars are overpriced and not good quality they just dress them up. Worst car lot ever and the workers are awful.

I always have been labeled as the 'nice girl' and I rarely ever complain. 
But there are a few instances where I feel others need to know the level of service they may be walking into. 
Edin and the Manager Scott are possible the most unprofessional people I have ever met. They say "they want their customers to leave happy and have a good experience" so why not, when given the opportunity, create a great experience for a customer that previously had a bad one? Dealing with Edin was horrible as he was a pushy, non listening, unprofessional man. Which made me leave unhappy. I came back at a later date because they had a car I was really interested in and dealt with James (who was very nice) but then  Scott "the manager" stepped in as we were filling out the paperwork and he informed me that because I was "associated" with someone who had written a bad review on Hertz that he wouldn't sell me a car. 
So because I (who did not write, was mentioned or knew of the review) was associated with that person, he dismissed a sale for over $10,000. He mentioned "we want our customers to have a good experience and because of that review, we aren't going to sell you a car" ... well now, that isn't a good experience TWICE and now it isn't just one bad review by a friend but one from me, as well, my sister who was with me. He could have been a lot more professional, he could have turned what was previously a bad experience into a good one which would have looked more positively on the company he represents. Hertz should be careful because "manager" Scott does NOT represent them very well.

BUYER BEWARE. This place is one big scam. We went in looking for a simple car to replace one for running around town. We get there and Joe (Giovanni) comes out to help. He shows us a few cars and we test drive a basic Focus. It seems ok but we are nervous because it's an old rental car. We say we'd like to take it in to get checked and he assures us up and down it goes through a rigorous check and everything is okay. We shouldn't worry the car had a warranty. He promises that if IF anything happens to call and it would be okay. They'd help. 

We buy the car 
2 days later the transmissions goes out
The Ford dealer we take it to apologizes for hertz. They said this was a known defect and should have been fixed a year ago. 

Then they tell us the tread on the tires is dangerously low. It's clear the tired have never been rotated.

We called Hertz 6x and emailed Joe at least that many. They replied 0 times. 

Do not go here. Sketchy crappy cars. Do not go here.

Don't buy a car from this place, ever. We were shown a 2015 Pathfinder worth 24k+ with torn seats not to mention dog hair throughout the entire vehicle (let's talk about the cosmetic wear from the dog paws apparent on the back of the car - ok, let's not). Note to yourself - bring proof of insurance to test drive a car. If you don't have proof or any type of coverage, they'll test drive the car for you OR bring someone trustworthy that has proof (I prefer the latter). I would've saved alot more time had we read the yelp reviews beforehand.

While I've had luck with rental car sales locations elsewhere (which is why I tried this place), I wouldn't wish the experience of having to interact with these employees on anyone. 

My purchase ended with the salesman, James Allen, taking me into an office, closing the door and raising his voice to me while accusing me of lying to his supervisor - after small miscommunication apparently. After that, the keys were left in my new car without anyone there to see me off, shake my hand, or make me feel good about the large check I'd just written. It was surreal.

I followed up with James' supervisor, Victor, to file a complaint after this unsettling incident and he patronizingly told me that car purchasing can be very intimidating, even for men like him who worked in car sales. 

Victor apologized for James' behavior, and offered to pay for the keyless entry to my car (which I had been told existed when it did not). He gave me his cellphone number and when I called him to follow up, he would only respond via text, and did not answer the call he requested from the company installing the keyless entry. There's $280 out of pocket for me, on top of a $15K car purchase.

This is a horrible place to purchase a car. Their dishonesty, lack of organization, and incredibly disrespectful staff were shocking - almost a caricature of used car sales. Do not do business here.

So I made a reservation for a rental car at this location, and I couldn't be more unhappy. We arrived at 12:35 on the day we were to pick up our car. This location is closed between 12-1. I was aware of that ahead of time, so we waited until 1...still no one showed up. 1:15 rolls around and a guy comes in and helps the four of us that we're waiting for our cars. Today we returned our car and were told they opened at 8am (even though their sign says 7:30am) and the door was wide open but no one was there. Again, other people were waiting. Already having had enough of this place, I left my keys and a note with a copy of our receipt saying "no ones here, it's 8:04 I have a flight to catch call me" then as our taxi arrived the guy working showed up. His excuse was "I was just grabbing a coke." Are you kidding me? You left your entire building unlocked for 20 minutes during business hours to get a coke? I am never using hertz again. This location should just be shut down altogether.

The worst customer service I have ever received! The sales men will say anything they want and then threaten you that the calls are recorded 
if/when they are called out. Not one sales man followed through with any promises. I wouldn't send my worst enemy to this place!

My experience with Hertz has probably been one of the worst experiences. When I arrived, I had been originally looking for a white car but, because my kids mentioned wanting a red car (which was more expensive) the sales guy brought out a red one. Fine, car color doesn't matter that much - but then he tried to blame the fact he brought out the wrong car on me. He begins talking about how "spacious" the car was - it's a Spark, it's not spacious by any means, but he was clearly trying to impress me. I ignored him and began talking about the features that I like including the LATCH system, which he had to ask what that was, and how the safety ratings for the 2014 were fairly high considering how compact the car was. He was more interested in pointing out the car was big enough to fit a spare... woo hoo? 

We then got ready for the test drive and I stepped over to the driver's side when he shouted at me, "I have to go with you". Yeah, I know, that's why the passenger side door was left open. The drive was awkward and short.. and I was glad to be done with it. 

When we returned to the dealer, my sales man left for over an hour to work on financing. I decided to go get a money order for my down payment. While I was standing in line, I got an angry call from the sales man asking where I was (mind you, my kids and ex husband were still there so, you know, he could have asked them). I explained where I was and he told me to hurry up because they were done. 

I got back and was told that they were "generously" charging me a ridiculous interest rate and wouldn't be giving me my AAA discount on the car. I was so frustrated and wanted it over since I plan on refinancing the car in a few months anyway. I went upstairs to sign the paperwork and the finance guy was so disorganized. I was never given my temporary registrations and a couple weeks later, I actually got a call telling me that my paperwork had not been done correctly and I needed to come back in if I wanted them to order my plates. When I arrived and told them I wanted a copy of my temporary registration, they said that I was wrong and must of been given it so I let them go through the paperwork and - SURPRISE - I was right, no registration. 

Flash forward to yesterday - my temporary plates expire in less than a week and I never received a call from the company that they had been received so I call them only to find out that they had them! They don't have any idea why I wasn't notified, apparently, and offered to FedEx them to me. 

In the future, I'd rather pay more for a car than deal with this skeevy place. 

Avoid, avoid, avoid.

If I could give you zero stars Hertz Car Sales, I would.  I came in two evenings ago to test drive a car and while it was a bit unexpected, I ultimately worked with Jim.  At multiple points I asked that a credit inquiry not be run as I was undecided at that point and when Jim and I sat down to get an idea of numbers, I gave him my preapproval terms but he had me fill out and sign a form stating "the bank needs a hard copy".  I was just alerted that they ended up running a credit report.  You'll be hearing from my lawyer.

This is a very poor car sales yard. Lied to twice, poor follow up to what I can only assume are straightforward questions. As an international visitor, I had heard of the marvellous service provided across the US. This has not been the case here (but has been overwhelmingly outstanding elsewhere).

This wouldn't have been such a bad experience if it weren't for how terribly they handled the $150 documentary services fee.

They told me it was negotiable, then begrudgingly said they were willing to take off $1. That's right... a whole dollar. They knocked off 0.6% from an allegedly negotiable fee (and they had the audacity to remove it from the car price instead of the fee itself!). 

I kept getting the roundabout spiel about how I should ignore the $150 fee because I was saving thousands of dollars by purchasing through them. THOUSANDS. The general manager had some pretty scummy rhetorical tactics, like indirectly implying that the fee was set by the state of Washington. I pointed it out that it's a private fee that Washington capped at a max of $150. Then he tried to point out that other places in other states have the fee as high as$500, so $150 really isn't that bad. Right? He even told us that only about $30-40 actually gets used on labor and mailing of our documents.

"What happens to the other $110-$120? Why can't we even get $50 knocked off?" 
"Think of how much you're saving with us!"

The car I purchased was not certified; all vehicles there are sold "as is." Considering how low of miles my vehicle had, the tires were out of alignment, and also need to be replaced, the aux/usb is broken, the brake is squeaky and definitely needs to be looked at, there is creaking in one of the passenger doors, there was a bunch of brown spilled stuff under the back seat by the spare tire, and the audio system and interface is glitchy. I love the car; I hate the shape it is in.

I told them about all of these problems and they still tried to tell me I was saving thousands. They know they can stick you with their superficial fee because you've already invested so much in it. 

Additionally:
-Nobody answers the phone there; there were probably 4-5 times where nobody picked up during business hours over the course of several days of me trying to get in touch.
-The general manager Scott was horrid and told us we wasted his time (when even agreeing to sit with us to discuss the fee they wouldn't budge on was wasting our time).
-The finance person was pushy and rude; we really didn't need to go through her warranty sales pitch and all of her personal horror stories on why we should get the upgrade.

I went with my friend to purchase a car, we were there for like 6 hours which is normal... everyone was great bit the finance lady was absolutely awful.. would not stop pressuring her to get a very expensive warranty.. she repeatedly told her now.. and the lady was so rude about it. I was in shock.. i about flipped out on her.

I bought a 2013 Chevy Cruze here two weeks ago. Though I like the car, I had a very bad experience here. It started out great; the manager, Victor, let us look around until we were ready for a test drive. After we took the car for a spin, a different salesman by the name of Iuri approached us. They claim they do not use high-pressure tactics but this salesman was very pushy and was very condescending when I said that I would like to take some time to think it over. I should have just walked out at that point. He also rushed me through the paperwork after I agreed to buy the car. 

That experience was unpleasant to say the least, but wait, there's more! The day after I brought it home, I noticed a bunch of rock pits and a 1.5" crack in the windshield. Then a few days later I noticed a nasty scrape in the paint and a dent in the body underneath the passenger side door. It looks like they tried to apply some touch-up paint, so they must have been aware of this damage. I haven't even owned the car for two weeks and I have already repaired the windshield. Now I have to have my car detailed which is extremely expensive. Please note-Hertz is not really willing to negotiate on their prices. I ended up paying fair market value for this car, and I was blissfully unaware of the issues it had. They did not give me a list or a walk-through of the damage, yet they had me sign a document agreeing to buy the car "as is." Fortunately I have not noticed any mechanical issues yet. 

To be fair, this is the first time I have bought a newer car from a dealer, so I think most people would know better and would avoid making the same mistakes that I did. They have a pretty good selection of vehicles, but that is the only redeeming quality. I would not recommend going here at all.

Worst customer service I have ever experienced. Incredibly rude, profound, salesman used profanities towards me. Inappropriate, unreliable SCAM!! This business should not only be reported, but shut down!!

Terrible experience with these guys!  Shady business practices.  Billy did seem friendly and easy going.  However, he and his partners proved themselves to be unethical in their business dealings.  I made an appointment to come back for a second look at a car and get it inspected.  After spending an afternoon sitting in traffic and getting this done, I brought the car back to APX ready to make an offer.  I was surprised to find that the car had already been sold! 
Another customer had put down a deposit on the car the night before and traveled from Portland to pick it up.  He had been sitting there waiting for my return to purchase the car he had already agreed to buy. He didn't look too happy either.   They said they knew of another similar car for me to purchase but I never heard from them and they never returned my calls.  Unnecessarily disappointing, frustrating waste of time.  Strongly recommend you go elsewhere.

I come in to check out a car I've been research and this guy tells me that unless I intend to buy that day, test drives are not allowed. I've never heard of that.

I've had a horrible experience  with this company. I bought a 2002 Grand Jeep Cherokee right away within the first month I had to replace the radiator, manifold and rear shocks. They tried to change the manifold with a used part from another jeep which failed quickly and left a gas smell in my cabin. Also Amir the mechanic for this company who replaced my radiator in March said a leak may persist and about 1 year later green fluid is dumping from my car.  When I asked to get a different car because this was all in the first 30 days they said I can't and should wait a year. The 2000 dollar warranty that was purchased  with this car is good for nothing by the way. It got the car 2/4/15, today is 5/1/16 and my engine completely blew up on 4/29 which was my birthday by the way. John Hicks the initial car salesman acted like he was helping me but I feel so taken advantage of by this company. I just purchased a brand new Chevy Malibu through Bill Pierre Chevrolet. I am still responsible for 2 car payments now since I owe 7000 on a jeep that doesn't work. This was a hard lesson please don't make the mistake of going to this shady company. If you have a good experience it's because you were simply lucky. They don't really care about you,  or what's best for you when it comes to such an important purchase.

If I could give negative stars I would. What I'm about to write is completely professional and 100% the honest truth. I've had my truck for about a year and I've already put in about $6,000 in repairs. The first night I had the vehicle the tire blew on the highway because they were bald and wires sticking out but I didn't notice because it was night time when I bought it. A few days later the AC core smoked out my truck. Over time I've had numerous other repairs. Now I took it to a mechanic who is a very professional person and he said the brake pads, brake shoes, rotors, transmission, all for bearings, suspension, front and back shocks, ac coolant, oil pan,, exhaust in a few other items like plugs, and fuses are all completely shot. He was amazed the truck was still running. He informed me that the majority of these issues are issues that have been there long over a year. When I bought the car from john I asked him specifically was a scar in good condition based off the price because he WAY over charge me and he assured me that the vehicle was in great running condition. The truck is book valued at $4,250 in perfect condition and I'm paying 9000. He sold me a lemon and definitely is not worth being trusted. My recommendation to anybody that comes to this car lot needs to have the car taking off the lot to a mechanic and having it completely checked out before you lose all your money. Oh yeah I  completely forgot, they replaced one of the calipers and not both so my tires smoked out the second day I had it. So I will now have to put in a total of about $12,000 to repair this vehicle on top of the $9,000 that they charge me for it for a vehicle that's only worth $2,500. This place is a scam. Just look at all the other Yelp reviews about their vehicles falling apart a short time after. I also used to take my Dodge Durango to their company mechanic and his exact words to me were you bought a lemon you might as well sell it and take the loss and this was told to me less than a week after getting the truck his name was Amir

I bought a car from these gentleman and It is already broken and i have to buy another one I have only had this car for 5-6 months. I first had problems with this car two weeks after getting it and they insurance I got from them to get the problem fixed "didn't cover" the problem. I also referred two people to there and they both are now having car problems. They also have a program where you can get money or less money owed on your car by referring people to them. I'm sure you can guess by now that they did not honor what they said they would do. I strongly recommend that you never go to this location unless you wanna give away money.

do not buy a car at renton car club i purchased a 2007 honda civic hybrid from them in may they made me purchase a warranty within 4 months the car started having problems i took it into honda to find out it has a 6000 problem and the warranty they made me purchase didnt cover anything important they straight up lied to me and my moms face saying that it covered everything to do with the electrical system. they also told me that my credit was so low there was no way anybody would approve me. just traded that car in got half of what i paid for it and my interest rate is half as low. do not let these suckers fool you.

I would never purchase or finance a car from this dealership. The salesmen are very aggressive and pressure you into buying a vehicle. The staff is very unprofessional and unfair. I went to the dealership to look at a 1999 Honda Accord and they wanted $9,000 for a 1999 Honda Accord. That is a complete rip off. The Kelley Blue Book value for a car of that age is on $5,400 at the most.

I asked the salesmen for a purchase order of the vehicle next thing you know the salesmen is asking me to write down my social security and employment information so that they can finance the vehicle, which I DID NOT ask for. The salesmen are very pushy.  My overall experience with this dealership was HORRIBLE.

After looking for a specific Make of car, we were thrilled to find one at a decent price at Car Club Renton. We pulled in to check out the vehicle while in the area at about 7:55pm Wednesday evening. Nobody greeted us, I attributed this to the fact that it was near closing, so we figured we'd just take a quick look and come back another day. While my son was looking at the car, I noticed they were closing the gate, effectively locking us in for the night. I was able to catch the employee in order to be let out. I rolled down my window to explain that we were just taking a look at the vehicle and would come back. He rolled his eyes at me and gestured that I should move along. I completely get wanting to go home after a long day at work. It has ALWAYS been my experience at car dealerships that they go out of their way to be polite, in an effort to gain a customer. However, I let it go and decided we'd check out the car later. The next day, Thursday, my son went back to dealership. He test drove the car and expressed interest in the vehicle. Without any negotiation, he was passed onto the Finance Department where he was treated as if an agreement had already been made. When he refused to sign that agreement, he was eventually greeted again by the Sales Manager who told him, "Thank you for wasting our time." Worst customer service ever!

So just putting this out there. Please do not buy any vehicles from Kimbrell Auto. They sold us a car that within a month we found out it had a leaking hwad gasket. Before we bought it they assured us it had been checked out completely AND the owner had been using it as his commuter car. 

When we went to them with the diagnosis they said they would "make it right."  That was 3 months ago. We've been in to see them numerous times, called etc to no avail. Now they won't return our calls.  Now we are out money. I hope they can sleep at night.

These guys are super shady. They post Craigslist ads for as "For Sale by Owner" to try to trick people who would otherwise avoid them into coming to their dealership. As soon as the sales guy (Alex) gave me "his" address and I saw that it was on Hwy 99, I looked it up and sure enough, it's this sketchy used car dealer. No thanks.

I was pushed into purchasing a vehicle after saying I was only looking. Been driving the vehicle for several months now and since the day I got it I regretted purchasing it. Found out that my vehicle has frame damage and the carfax they provided me nearly a month after purchase said it has been in no accidents. Before purchase I asked of they could replace/fix a few things. They said no problem and they put a "work order" in. I kept in contact with them and found out after purchase no work order was put in. Meaning on top of the frame damage they are making me deal with I have a whole lot of front end repairs and replacements coming out of my pocket that I can't afford with my baby on the way. 

Thanks excellent choice for screwing up the start of my life. 

Also, they ran my credit way more than they told me they would and drop my credit from a fair credit to poor credit.

EDIT: They were suppose to call me nearly 2 weeks ago and I haven't received any call from them. Called them several times and the person I am suppose to talk to is never around.

EDIT 12/24/15: I constantly call then and the person I am suppose to speak with is always not there or not available. I keep leaving my name and number for them to reply to and never get called back. I am also having to replace my alternator because it's going out. Still working on saving some money for the plastic wheel welds they promised to replace. Hopefully going to get my washer fluid crack sealed when I purchase the stuff for it. Already fix my auxiliary issue by re soldering it. Very very displeased. Terrible customer service.

DO NOT GO HERE.  They are crooks. Bottom line.  Go anywhere else.
They are rude, they lie, & you will drive away feeling dirty. 
Shadey sales, rude and pushy sales people.
Sammy is nice, but Ross & Jen (I think thats her name) are nasty people. 
I drove off the lot, after being pressured into an over priced car and instantly, MY CHECK ENGINE LIGHTS CAME ON. $1900 later and its off.
They'll offer you discounts if you purchase GAP insurance, which you can cancel. So if you find yourself involved in their high pressure and uncomfortable sales pitch, take the lower price and cancel your GAP. They will treat you like complete shit, but it'll take 700+ off. 
JUST AVOID THIS CAR PLACE!

I traded in my aveo for a beautiful jeep wrangler,  though I love my jeep and is still running (for now though I am pretty sure the suspension has an issue)  these people are liars,  I guess just like most dirty car salesmen. They did not pay off my aveo and told me that even though they fucked up I signed the paper so it's not their problem.  Real classy guys.

Absolute rubbish. I called in to line up a view/test drive with Albert- he had two hours notice to get the car ready but it wasn't even on the lot when I got there.  Rick assured me he could get the car from their 'other lot' in 5 minutes. 40 minutes later with absolutely no information I asked for other staff to contact rick and find out what was up. When challenged, the best they could come up with was 'someone took the vehicle for a test then left with the keys'. Even if true, why did it take forever and they didn't bother to call to let me know?.  Entire operation is the worst example of shady 2nd hand dealership.

DO NOT GO HERE!    Very Unpleasant experience purchasing a car here. Finance guy didn't seem to know what he's doing. Unfortunately for us,  we are too trusting of people and  got our brain manipulated by the numbers game that dealerships play!
Made us believe that our trade in wasn't worth much, but now I see it listed on the site for 3 TIMES the amount they gave us! I hope their stuck with it forever and don't make a penny off it! They are the reason car dealerships get a bad rap! People like this shouldn't be able to have a business that's rips off good hard working honest people. I don't know how they can feel good about themselves at the end of the day. I believe in Karma and what goes around comes around! Like the review before me, I think they deserve negative stars!
This is an extended review of the experience I had with EB over the last year. 

The good.
Just bought a used BMW 335i from here and had a great experience. They have a very great website with high quality photos so you know exactly what you are looking at even if you haven't been to the dealer yet. When you look at the site you may think "these cant be photos of the actual car." However, they just have a great photo and web team. When you walk into the store you feel like you are at a new car dealer. We primarily dealt with Olivia and had great customer service. She was very knowledgeable but didn't make up answers to things she was unsure of, instead she would take the time to find out the correct answer from her associates. Gary was also very helpful in the process.

The bad.
The only problems that I had with the car was the fact that when I got the car the windows were illegally tinted at about 10-15% and I didn't realized this before I drove it off the lot. So after the first time driving at night I realized that I should probably have it removed so it wasn't dangerous. In addition, I did notice that the front tires had been changed recently, but the rear were not. I asked them if why the rear were not changed and they said that it didn't need it. Although, I suspected that the tread was a little low I went along with it. Then after driving the car for about a week, I got a flat tired in the rear and I had to argue with the mechanic at Sears for about 15 minutes because he was only supposed to change all four for cars with AWD. In total these two issues costed me about $700 within about 2 weeks from getting the car. 

After repeated financing came into the picture, we began to deal with Rob and immediately the who experience changed and I felt like he was pressuring us to buy things that had not even been mentioned to us previously and also encouraged us to take a longer loan term so that we could add on these items to the cost of the car. We ultimately decided to get the warranty, but I always felt dirty about it. 

Eventually, our car was totaled and we were told that we could have the warranty prorated. I talked to Rob numerous times and never really liked it. He never answers the phone so expect to call him several times before he calls you back and email is very similar. After nagging him on and off for about a month, we were able to get our refund processed, but he didn't tell me that the paperwork was submitted. So when I FINALLY got in contact with him, again, he proceeded to tell me several times that he emailed me last week. He didn't.

Lets begin with the car I originally wanted. It was on the website. I emailed about it. I get a prompt reply from a salesman named Dan. We talked about the car and thenI told him I MAY be able to make it in tomorrow to see it, but I would call tomorrow to let him know. An hour later I get an email for a scheduled appointment at 3pm. Very weird since I never agreed to it. First warning of pushy tactics.

Since my schedule freed up, I ended up showing up. Sat with Dan the sales man who will tell you his life story and that he's sold cars for 40 years. Looked at the car on the website, then him and I split up walking in pouring rain looking for the car on the lot. 15 minutes later of searching and not knowing where he went, we finally connect. He tells me the car was sold last week and they didn't update the website. BUT they just got in another car in trade and I HAVE to see it. He pulls it up and has me get in while he drives it. He begins to tell me about how amazing the car is, how good of a deal, how he's sold cars for 40 years. I told him my credit wasn't great and it's not the car I want and I don't really NEED a new car. He told me how my current car is way worse than this one we were in, that "credit isn't a big deal" (yes he really said this), how "who needs credit anyway" (he said that too) and that "we won't know numbers until we run it. Come to the party Dan" (again another actual saying.)

Once we returned I sat outside in the rain for about 10 min just looking over the car. Do I really want to try and get this car. Do I even like this car. Does it fit all my needs?  At this point they've already looked over my current car, gave it a value, knew what I owed on it and ran some potential numbers. Dan was convinced there was a deal they just needed my SSN to see which lender would give us the money. 

Foolish of me I agree. My score wasn't as bad as I thought, but I was hesitant to put any money down. Dan asked for about 4k and I said No because I really didn't need a car. If this was going to happen I didn't want to put much money down. He then said 
"how can you not afford 4k? Did your ex wife take it all? You made X amount of money last year (I told him my 2015 earnings) how can you not afford 4k? Come to the party Dan." (another actual quote.) Annoyed, I offered to go to 500. He said ok, we'll ask for zero money down but know we can go up to 500 once the lenders counter. He ran off to the finance manager as I waited. 

5 minutes later he comes back and says they'll call me tomorrow because this part takes time. However the finance manager definitely see's a deal here they just have to work the lenders. I said ok and left.

The next day, nothing. Around 10am I call the finance manager who says that Dan was supposed to call me. Scott the finance manager said they were waiting to here back from a couple more lenders so it wasn't a total no. But Scott promised to personally call me by 3pm. He never did. I did get a call from Dan a couple hours later who said that no deal was being able to happen. That we knew going in it would be tough, yada yada yada. This is when I went off on Dan. I told him my credit took a hard hit on something you seemed so confident. Now you are saying we knew this would be an issue and this is why lenders are saying no. If you knew the facts prior why would you be so pushy? He replied we didn't know until your credit was run. I said, but you have all these facts you are stating like this is why they are saying no and that you knew that it would be a hard sell, then WHY run my credit. His reply is, we run a lot of people's credit. I said yes Dan, but it doesn't affect you. You don't get the hit. If you knew the facts you should have just let me walk. 

The next day I get a VM from Dan. We have 1 more lender interested. I'll let you know tomorrow (Monday the 23rd) No call Monday. Today is Tuesday and still nothing.

What irks me most about this place is not only the pushy tactics, the no call backs, me having to call to get answers, is that not once did they ask for a counter. Well if you add another 500 maybe we can make this happen. Or we have a lender ready to go if you put another 1000 down. All things I would consider if presented, but no counters at all. Just No's. I've sat at dealerships going back and forth on everything from down payment to monthly payments to APR. This was just, quickly give me your SSN, how much do you want to put down RIGHT now, and then ok we will call you. 

The place is amazing looking. There are some really highly rated sales people there. It has a decent reputation on Yelp, BBB has a mediocre score. But my overall experience was garbage.

Do I suggest going some place else? Actually no. The place has great cars and deals. Did they treat me well in my opinion? Not at all. Did they follow up when they would? Not at all. Did they try and counter to work a deal with the lenders. Not at all. Have I heard back from them as of 1/24/17, not at all.

Came here to pick up a Toyota Tacoma, the price wasn't horrible but I felt like the atmosphere was unprofessional. Two people (who seemed to be working there) were having a conversation right next to us and using pretty foul language while we were discussing prices with another worker.  On the wall was a picture of a "Ducati hottie" (a girl with huge boobs on a motorcycle), which looked like something that didn't belong hanging in a business. The online ad for the truck had the incorrect amount of miles (7000 off, to be precise) which was also annoying and seemed to show some sloppiness. Nobody was friendly or welcoming like you would want when buying a car. Overall a bad experience!

Not once but twice replaced clutch when it wasn't the problem. Expensive repair that wasn't necessary. I go to ScanWest now.

The reviews about Toni are true, very nice and friendly salesperson to work with; he will go out of his way to get you in a car. As for the car that I bought from this lot however is a different story and I hate to write this review because my experience with this lot has been good up until this point. The car I got was clean inside and out and needed some repairs, which I knew about before buying. 
1st off the brakes were shot, the pads were uneven and the caliper pins were bone dry when I took them off. This wasn't that bad of a fix but when I took it to a shop is when I found out that the valve cover gasket needs to be replaced. Again not that bad of a fix but the shop continued to tell me that the transmission, which was recently serviced, is going to go eventually. 
From what the mechanic told me, a seal used somewhere between the engine and the transmission is not even a seal but actually some sort of compound that was used in place of the seal, which over time will deteriorate and get caught in the transmission somehow, causing it to fail.
To top off all of this, I am now starting to notice the faint cigarette smoke smell in the car. Again I hate to write this review but I am extremely disappointed at the way this vehicle turned out to truly be. Not to mention the fact that also the vehicle, according to KBB, was over the fair market value.

I guess the take away here should be get the car checked out by a mechanic before you buy so you don't have the same problem that I ran into.

So... I stop to look at a car. It was about 10am on a Tuesday. I check out the car I like, head to the door. The door is locked but a guy is at his desk... He looks at me touches his watch and shakes his head no???? WTF, I'm a potential customer.
So, I awkwardly leave and write this very unhappy review...confused

My experiences with the sales department here have been excellent, but the service department is terrible!  

The sales department is about as helpful, knowledgeable and straighforward as I've ever seen at a car dealership.  

The service department is one of the worst.  It may be that all Honda service departments are like this these days. They charge an up front $120 diagnostic fee, and told me it is not deducted from the cost of repairs if you go forward with service -- in other words, just tack $120 extra on any repair that you have done here.  

The last time I was in this shop, I told the service department sales rep (not a mechanic) what was wrong, and he proceeded to get in the car and cause a different problem, then told me that was what I needed fixed.  I became extremely concerned that, if I went forward with their "service" I would have had work done on a non-existent problem, as well as the repair I brought the car in for.  I asked to see a manager, who did not acknowledge there was anything wrong and reiterated that the diagnostic charge was in addition to any repair they might do.  I declined this terrible service and have no plans to visit them again.

Check out their reputation with some independent after market shops if you're thinking of going to this place for repairs.

So very good place to buy a car, but stay away from the service department!

We just moved into the neighborhood and are looking for a great mechanic to take care of our Toyotas. The owner Dan seemed straightforward, but his gruffness and abrasiveness are a total turnoff. Even though we both shook his hand and introduced ourselves, he kept talking to my husband as if I didn't exist and called me "Lady." His attitude toward me was condescending. His prices seemed high, he offered no discounts and didn't seem to care if we became his customers. Very disappointed.

They used to do a good job and charged what seemed comparable to the Chevy dealer. The last two times I have had work done was not good. I paid to fix something on my brakes in my truck and as soon as I left there same issue. Went there two weeks ago for a check engine light they charged 600.00 to replace the thermostat. Total rip off its a very inexpensive part and labor shouldn't be more than 2 hours. Will never go there again.

I was lied to about a few things- #1 the cost of the extended warranty and I assume (the condition of the vehicle) thank God I got the extended warranty on the vehicle even though it was $2500 because the engine died within a few months of purchase for no reason that I caused.. it had of already had issues. Thank God the insurance co covered it..

Disorganized, unprofessional, staff needs serious training - NOT customer friendly. Overpriced - absolutely seek better service elsewhere for better prices. Scheduled a detailing appointment but won't be back to deal with rude staff and poor service. YIKES.

SERVICE DEPARTMENT IS KINDA LAME. 
Just bought brand new Toyota Tacoma from these guys. Brought my car in to have some accessories installed. 

Their service department is a real hassle: checking in was difficult/lengthy; they are dis-organized; shuttle service is not convenient. And the overall service experience was un-pleasant.

The service writers at this dealership have gone way downhill. When I first moved to Seattle, they had some great, seasoned service writers who knew what they were doing. Now they have a bunch of kids who haven't been trained in any type of customer service, and it shows. 

In March of this year, I needed my brakes replaced.  Now, the young kid who was my service writer tried to tell me they didn't have ceramic brakes in, and it would take seven days to get them. C'mon. Seven days in Seattle??? And why don't you have basic Toyota ceramic brakes in?  I was also told that possibly the rotors and calipers might have to be replaced, which also meant he had to order those in too.  When I asked why they couldn't just take off the tire and look and see before he went to the trouble of ordering everything, I was told it would be too much work. Bah, seriously?! That's the mechanic's job.  

I had to make a trip to Idaho anyway, and I asked how much wear was left on the front brakes. After a little hemming and hawing, he admitted they could last a month, or at least a 500 mile drive without a problem. I drove it home the next day. Drove it to the Toyota dealership in my home town the day after. Asked them if they had brakes in. Well, of course they did. Asked them if they had to order them in, how long it would take. Well, two days. Why would it take longer?  Asked them to pull off the tire, and take a look at my brake pads, calipers, rotors to see if I needed new rotors and calipers. By golly, they did. And then they let me look at it! I did have rusty rotors on both left and right, and it was machined, brakes replaced, no problem. Shocking that all occurred without me having to order a bunch of stuff and wait seven days. 

When the follow-up call came from Toyota of Seattle, I told her how disappointed I was. I already knew I wasn't going to let them do anything more to my vehicle. She offered me a free oil change. Which brings me to today, when I redeemed said free oil change. 

Now, I did take it in without an appointment.  They worked me in. I ended up playing phone tag with the service writer, who never left me any kind of detailed message.  When I arrived, it turned out I had a headlight and right brake light out. I asked, "Why didn't you just leave a message about this?" His only answer was that he couldn't get a hold of me. Leave a message. Very simple.  Who wants to sit around and wait for stuff this simple when I could have left a message saying "go ahead". What makes me mad is it was apparent they were willing to let me leave the dealership without a headlight. Or a right turn signal. This stuff takes minutes to fix. Do I want to pop out my own headlight because someone can't leave a message asking me if I want it done? Who in their right mind wants to drive without a headlight?! 

To the service writer's credit, he went and replaced everything for free, without cost of labor. And yeah, it took him a whopping 15 minutes. I paid for the light bulbs. Still, I was pretty mad. I also had some "seeping" in my steering fluid and also sealant leak. No mention of how much either was actually leaking. Instead I was just given a bill. No explanation, and I was too mad at them to ask. Considering the oil hasn't been changed for 6 months, I'm assuming the "seep" is exactly that, but you know, clarification would have been good customer service.  Like how low was my oil? Yeah, I know, I should have checked before I went in...

To end this novel, don't go here if you want someone who is going to tell you what is really going on unless you are prepared to give them the nth degree. They certainly aren't going to offer up any info that is helpful or beneficial in making good decisions for you and your car.

I enjoyed doing business with the sales representative (Kels). That said, selling me an almost new vehicle heavily detailed to mask a chain smoking previous owner isn't ethical or fun - about a week later the smoke odor resurfaced and nothing I do to remove it is working. 

It's been four months of battle with this cancer causing Prius and I'm not liking the Dealership response to this problem. 

I'll live with vehicle and then trade it in when it pencils out (I bought every warranty and supplemental GAP insurance there was), but it won't be here.

To be clear from the outset, I'm trying to be as fair and objective as possible on this review.

I just purchased a used 2002 Ford Focus from Jeff at Magnolia Motors. Jeff is a nice guy and it's clear that he is working hard. However, this was the first car that Magnolia Motors has sold as a dealership and I wanted to leave some honest feedback for others to see and think about.

My overall impression is that the transaction went no differently than it would have had I purchased the car from a private party on craigslist. This is not a complement. The devil is in the details and there were a lot of missing details in this transaction. Hopefully Jeff will figure things out for the next car sale.  

My car buying experience:

1) The car was listed on craigslist as "by owner" not "by dealer". When I found out that it was a dealer I felt like there was some sneakiness going on. Unprofessional.  But the car looked good and the price was around the point that I felt a good negotiation could happen.

2) The test drive was uneventful (a good thing) except for the fact that when I mentioned that I wanted to drive the car at highway speeds to check for vibration etc. Jeff didn't really have a plan for a good test drive route. As he was from the Bellevue area, he said he didn't really know the roads around Magnolia very well and that he "needed to figure out a better test drive route for the future". This was unprofessional; we ended up waiting for 15 minutes on the Ballard drawbridge as the bridge went up and down. Again, Jeff is a nice guy, but the situation was awkward. We ended up doing 50 mph on Hwy 99.  

3) After the test drive, there were a few things I wanted checked before purchase (think A/C recharge) but that I was interested in the car.  Our negotiation felt fair for both parties.

4) Jeff was considerate and allowed me to make a cash deposit to hold the car for a day or two.

5) When it came time to do the transaction, we arranged for a time to meet (7pm) at Magnolia motors.  I was asked to have the entire purchase amount in cash.  No debit or credit cards possible.  Is this standard? It sure felt like I was doing a private deal, not interacting with a dealer.  Previous used car transactions I've done were by debit or credit card.  I was uncomfortable carrying around thousands of dollars of cash and the timing made it difficult to get a cashier's check.

6) 2 hours before our appointment to get the car I get a call from Jeff saying there was a problem.  Apparently Jeff didn't have the timing right for faxing the paperwork to the DOL to get the temporary tags for the car.  He wanted to meet another time.  As I had moved shifts around at work and gotten a ride arranged to Magnolia just for the appointment, this was unacceptable and unprofessional.  Thankfully Jeff figured out that I could do an "extended test drive" for 24 hrs and he would get me the temporary tags for the car the next day (today).

7) Before we do the transaction, I want to do a once-over of the car.  It looks freshly clean.  That's good.  I check the A/C.  All good.  I ask about lights and Jeff says he had it checked out and everything was good.  I want to see for myself.  I check the turn signals.  All good.  I check the brake lights.  The top middle brake light has 4 of 5 bulbs burned out.  Uh oh.  I ask Jeff to replace the bulbs.  He fiddles with it for awhile and then says it must be replaced as a unit.  We finally agree to split the cost.  That's fine, but not awesome.  I check the fog lights.  One is burned out.  Jeff replaces it and everything is good.  After I check the oil level (all good) the hood suddenly crashed down on the metal rod that was holding it up bending both the rod and the hood.  Shoot!  Apparently there was a missing grommet at the bottom of the hood holding rod and it slipped.  I couldn't bend rod back, but hood is flexible enough (yay Ford quality!) to make it virtually invisible.  No harm, no foul, but I walked away with a sour feeling.

8) We complete the transaction and I drive the car home only to realize that I was given the car with 1/8 tank of gas.  Unprofessional!  I know this has changed a lot over the years, but I probably wouldn't have batted an eye if the car was half full.  1/8 a tank?  Where is the customer service?  After all of the above, I felt like it was just "one more thing".  Sigh.

9) I get home and take a closer look at the receipt for the recent Firestone clutch job that was in the glove compartment.  This was something that was emphasized during the sale of the car; that a $1300 clutch job had been done about 1500 miles ago. When I looked at the invoice, all of the above was true, but there was also another page that described $950 more work. Why wasn't I told about this? Felt slimy.

10) The day after sale, Jeff and I met to exchange the dealer plate for the temporary tag.  Everything went well, gave Jeff feedback.

Was it different than CL? You decide; hopefully it works out...

As soon as my husband & I parked, we were greeted by an upbeat music coming from the mega speakers installed up the dealership's roof. It was kind of cute & it brought me back to the old days where warm hello's still existed. We've been shopping for days now & we dreaded being greeted by a flock of sales sharks in most dealership we've visited in the past 2 weeks. We were able to check the lot & the vehicle we came to see without pressure. The crew was ready & hospitable when we entered their cute shop to work on our deal. We came in knowing we needed help with our credit. We were fortunate because God lead us to a lot that has an owner who is passionate about helping folks repair their credit scores. So, Curt showed us everything we needed to fix. Mike, our salesman was just as sweet & a soft spoken gentle man. Curt, the owner,  has a book available in Amazon to help people get their credit back up. It's also available to download for free if you go to cbcreditking.com. (And Curt was so generous to give me my own signed copy of his book -- How to Fix Your Credit: The three digits that could save you thousands). They worked fast to get our KIA Sedona out the door with us tonight. This is our 1st vehicle together as husband & wife.

Update:
However, immediately after the following day, we found molds growing in the trunk inside a folded mat. It was left wet inside the van after detailing without being aired properly. Molds also started growing in between the seats, seatbelts, cup holders, and some part of the ceiling. We tried some home remedies, it cleaned some of the mold stains but whenever we rode the van, we start coughing & getting head aches. My tongue would itch & numb. We stopped using it for a few weeks to transport family  because we have young children. I took it to a professional detail shop & he tried to steam my carpet for free. I got an estimate for the whole vehicle but it was not honored by the dealership because they said they can clean it for less. They suggested I take it back to them (to Seattle & I live in Tacoma) for a cleaning from their own shop (that means I lose another day's work). They did send me a check for the amount they would usually pay at their own shop. As they skimp, they only show the horrid side of dealerships we all fear. It's never about customer service, honor, integrity & relationships. I feel like they mask their business with the intent to help people with bad credits but in the end, it's still a game of dollars in their pockets. Down payments are not enough to serve as their paycheck anymore or money to cover fees they should be covering, they still find a way to insult an injury. It's sad that greed has a way of getting the best of others. It is a sad realization and a late post but this concludes my rating. 2 Stars for having Mike on your team. Otherwise, it would have been a lower score. He's a hard working & cheerful man.

**Long Review Warning**

If you don't like reading; essentially I will tell you, do not trust the mechanic they rely on as they are incompetent in regards to inspecting vehicles. You will end up spending $ shortly after you bring your car home. 

Here's what my car ended up needing below. 

Brand new front tires,

The two front tires were a different brand from the rears and had different wear percentages. The two front and rear tires not matching was a red flag to me but, Championship assured me they were safe and good to go. 

I took the car to two different mechanics the day after purchase and it was brought to my attention that the two front tires had a ring around them indicating they were driven on with very low tire pressure causing internal damage. I did not know this fun fact, now I do. Fool me once $. 

I ended up replacing all four tires and kept the two rears as backups. For liability reasons the tire shop would not let me keep the two front tires. 

Brand new front brakes, 

Both the driver and passenger side brake pads showed good percentages on the outside. Well, I never checked the inside pads nor did their mechanic apparently. Fool me twice $$. 

The car felt like it was lacking stopping power, the brakes felt 'squishy'. I took the car to Discount Brake Center and they informed me that the front passenger caliper had a stuck piston causing uneven wear and the inside pad was almost to metal. Discount brake was able to unfreeze the stuck piston and sent me on my way with brand new front brake pads. 

Randomly I will receive an error message on the dash 'ESP inoperative....'. Essentially this means the steering angle sensor is shot inside the steering wheel and needs replacing. Unfortunately this error message did not show up on my test drive but, it certainly did the next day! Try to find some speed bumps on your test drive, I think they are what triggered the error the day after purchase. I have not fixed this yet as it's not a daily error or serious safety issue like the front tires and stuck caliper were. Fool me thrice $$$. 

New tires, new front brakes, and a new steering angle sensor cost around $1300. Championship should have had more wiggle room in negotiations as I probably overpaid by right around $1000. 

I personally would not suggest buying a vehicle from them unless they can provide you with a pre-purchase vehicle inspection report from a trusted third party mechanic. 

I had a false impression that the vehicles on their lot were safe; do not make the same mistake.

Purchased a car from them in July 2016, the car is very clean and in good shape. I should have had it checked by a mechanic first though day after purchase the check light message came on the dash, then 4 days later the check engine light was on.  It turns out 5 lights where out and the fuel sensor needed replace along with brakes. These are all things they apparently had known about seeing how the sensors had been reset according to the dealership that serviced it. All in all the car is nice but I wouldn't have paid above market value for it knowing I'd need to immediately put $1500 into fixing it. I would recommend having a car looked at before purchasing it from here.

I could not even park on the lot.  Contrary to the photos, this dealership has no or very little parking.

I pulled into the lot behind another person and we both just backed out and left.

It has taken me a few months to finally write a review of Carter Subaru because I didn't want to write it out of anger, but out of honesty. And 3 months later, I'm having a little peace with my purchase but still feel like their customer service is more like a 2 out of 5 but overall I would say it is a 3/5, but I put 2/5 because truly, their customer service can be super rude, then next day they're super friendly. I don't appreciate a wish-washy customer service at all. I would like your associates to be fair and be representative of the high standards you set out. 

I came here actually to purchase a used car that was posted online (a Honda). But when we came, we were told it wasn't at this location and was at a different Subaru location but they had some used cars within my price range that we could look at. I agreed--what could be the harm? Well... part of it was my fault because my father and I had been bickering back and forth about my next car and we were literally at each other's throat at this point so they were kind of lucky we came because they had a sale, but neither of us were fully happy.

Loooong story short, we end up seeing a car my dad is impressed with. A 2011 Toyota camry with less than 15k miles. WHAT THE HECK! Almost unheard of but quite suspicious. We looked at every report possible we could find on this car and they said it was clean. We could tell the paint had scratched but the wax/buffering covered it really well. But everything else seemed nice. We had an enjoyable test drive, etc. Literally everything seemed almost too good to be true. The price range was literally about 8,000 over our budget but we said what the heck? for less than 15k miles it might be a great investment for a vehicle.

Mind you--this was my very FIRST grown up car purchase with financing and loan. My other cars were used and paid in full/hand me down. So this used car purchase was a real nerve-wrecking, I almost had an anxiety/panic attack, I wanted to faint moment. I literally never been so nervous/anxious my entire life. I felt safe in their hands. 

Well, sadly the next morning upon a cold start-up, I start to hear noises when it starts and when I drive off. Longer story short, I call to discuss this with Subaru since this was literally 12 hours after I drove it off the lot, parked it for the night and woke up to go to work. They said they could bring it in to look at and they end up giving me a loaner (a great one, thank you). basically to summarize, they try to get ME to pay for the timing belt & some other belt because it needed to be fixed. and I asked why if it was so low and in "such good condition" and basically they said their theory was manufacturing. After literally crying and lots of other phone calls, I talk to Denny and he says they'll cover it after hearing my some-what horror story. I was pissed. NO way would I pay for something to be fixed after I drove it off the loft and had a cold start. I definitely felt fooled. Foolish. so stupid to buy a car after looking at it for an hour or two and I was filled with rage, remorse, regret...the worst of the worst. and my dad who was a big encourager of purchasing the car felt more like crap because he wanted me to get the car. 

The sales associate did try to talk to me, she called when I was at work so I couldn't answer. But she ended up texting me to explain. But I didn't feel the need to text back. Because it took her days to reach out. and I always felt like I had to reach out to Subaru. I had to follow-up, I had to call and get more details, I had to do all the effort until I started getting pissed and wanted to talk to other people that they heard me. I didn't like that. 

Other interactions with Subaru weren't better. The service reps and front desk people can be seen hiding behind the counter eating trader joe cookies or just flat out ignoring me. I also felt that because I did NOT buy a Subaru they really didn't care to help me. It almost felt degrading. the sad thing is, I have fallen in love with Subaru cars...but here I am left with a car I have come to learn to love and accept and a loan to pay off. I would only recommend them if you are planning to buy a Subaru and know what you want. Otherwise, I don't feel like they're all too friendly about people buying used cars/having used cars and bringing them here. I wish I could give them a higher rating, I truly wish I could. Denny was super helpful and nice and a few others who were really nice. But all the other rudeness really just defeated them and my experience is not a happy one. I had colleagues coming up to me wanting to go to Subaru to help me rectify the situation because they felt I was wronged. I will just say, don't settle for a car with low miles and don't rush into buying a new car. I have definitely learned my lesson!

The selection, service and experience is definitely a cut above when compared to Sandberg Volvo and no way a somewhat close second place to Barrier Volvo.  This particular site lacks the customer service that you should expect when buying anything over $50,000.  

Here's why this Bob Byers Volvo lot is a big disappointment:
1.  If you're looking for a particular Volvo, don't expect them to help you over the phone, via email or anything.  Tried the above mentioned forms of communication and like a cable company, expect a reply somewhere between the business hours of 10AM to never at all.

2.  When a Ford dealership (Bill Pierre) down the street is doing more to help you find a used Volvo S60 T6 AWD car than this Bob Byers Volvo dealership, that's pathetic.

3.  You get this vibe from the sales staff that either they hate their job and/or just don't care if they make a sale or not.  I went to the Lake City site very enthusiastic and arriving there, it felt as if their idea of a greeting is similar to being at a funeral; no humor and you're hoping that it'll all come to an end someday.

4.  Is everything here sold?  Every time I've been there, I usually get the "that car is sold" or "I have a couple coming in to test drive this car..."  Guess what I get to test drive?  Nothing.

Overall, there are better car dealerships that'll help you find the right Volvo for you and you should go this route because this business want your patronage.  You email or leave a voicemail about a car and won't hear anything back from it or just one phone call.  Nobody is being proactive and working hard for you.  

Shop elsewhere but not at Sandberg Volvo either, that place is worst.  Even Eastside Chrysler Jeep and Bellevue Lexus helped very diligently to find me a Volvo but not Bob Byers Volvo.  I can't figure it out except that they just don't care.

I'll start with the good news. Great salesman, Phil, was the first guy undaunted by the fact that I was accompanied by 3-year-old twin girls. My original plan was to do a visual inspection of what appeared to be a great used Volvo wagon, then come back later w/out twins and test drive. Phil was more than happy to move car seats into the used Volvo and it was awesome to go on a test drive w/out the sales guy prattling in the passenger seat. Seemed like a solid wagon, though the steering wheel was loose -- seemed like it took about 2 inches of turning before the wheels responded. 

Phil was also instrumental in arranging for the car to be shuttled over to DaisyWagen, a Volvo-only repair shop, for a pre-buy inspection. Car shopping with twins is just, well, a logistical nightmare and trying to arrange a sitter and work and husband's work around getting back over to Seattle to then wait at DaisyWagen -- feh. Phil rallied his troops and the car was delivered to DaisyWagen on my behalf. 

So this part of the review is the 5-star part. 

Now for the three-star part. 

DaisyWagen does its pre-buy inspection and the news is not good. The transmission fluid is burnt, so transmission is on its way out and will need to be replaced. Cost estimate: $5500. 

Play in steering wheel has a great explanation: the steering rod is on the verge of detaching. Repair estimate: $1800. 

The good news: the brakes are in *great* shape. Which I'd need, right? great brakes for when steering rod detaches. 

Now for the negative 5-star part. 

One week later, I get a call from the sales manager. He informs me that their mechanics went back through the wagon and yes, there was fluid "dripping" and they've fixed the drip and they "tightened" the steering wheel and he can see "no reason" for me to not buy the car today. Seriously? I explained that the transmission fluid is still burnt. Silence. Okay. I also explained that I do like my steering wheel to be attached to the axel. Silence. 

I had thought I'd pay a premium for buying a used Volvo directly from a Volvo dealer, as I had thought dealers would be more thorough / less dishonest with the cars on their lot. 

This may have been a one-off. 

But hooray for DaisyWagen and their awesome pre-buy inspection.

Troll Motors is run, it seems, totally seat-of-the-pants out of a garage/warehouse near Boeing Field, complete with hand-scrawled work orders and flexible shop hours. This is not necessarily a bad thing if you like a more organic, or even bohemian, car repair experience, but it's certainly one to be aware of if you've never dealt with them before. Call ahead, make an appointment, get an estimate on the length of repairs and make sure you have a back-up travel plan, because the loaner cars are not always available when they say they will be. (Don't ask how I know.)

The work I had done on my 900 was good, but these guys missed some little details that made me feel they weren't giving my ride complete attention. Be sure to ask what parts they will use for your repair; it's important to know if you're getting new, rebuilt or recycled pieces for your hard earned dollar. Check to see if they offer a warranty for your particular repair before you decide.

Regarding prices, I'm not sure why folks seem to think that they're cheap. On two different occasions, I've received a quote from Troll only to have it soundly trounced price-wise by both Scanwest and Moe's Automotive, although they were right in line with Swedish Automotive. The latest was a small repair for which I was quoted $300; Scanwest's quote was for nearly half that amount ($180) for the same repair, using the same parts. I guess the rent is Georgetown is creeping up.

Speaking of Georgetown, if you live anywhere north of Queen Anne, this place is pretty inconvenient to get to, and to get back from if you don't have somebody to pick you up (see above re: loaner cars). If you're downtown, or in the south end, it's a much easier trek.

Bottom line: you have several options in the greater Seattle area for keeping your Saab on the road. This is one of them, but certainly not the most professional outfit going. It pays to shop around.

Beware of new hire Greg.  He'll tell you anything he thinks you want to hear to get you onto the lot.  For about a week, we discussed (via email) trading my car plus cash for a nice 4x4 on the lot.  I'm a stay-at-home dad with an 11mo daughter and I needed to agree in principal on the price of the truck before committing to drive out from West Seattle, since it would require 3 hours round trip.  Long story short, he lied to me about what they'd be willing to sell the truck for.  Hopefully his behavior isn't indicative of all the sales guys there, but I wouldn't be surprised.  My sense is that dealerships care far more about their reputation and that's where I'll spend my money in the future.

I purchased a 2005 dodge 2500 from millennium for 30gs
1 week after the heater core went out, they didn't help one bit after asking. So I fixed it 1000 dollars later.
Now with further inspecting the vehicle there are lots of spendy suspension fixes to do! My bad for not looking into it better before purchase but for 30gs you would think things would have been looked at before it was put on the lot! Thanks for the project millennium!

Replaced brakes that didn't need replacement and the car died on the way home. Safe to say these guys aren't your best bet.

I've been here a few times, but the last time I went in, things did not go well.  My car came out making funny noises right after I picked up my care from the oil change.  I took it back in and they gave me attitude about it.  All I know if that it was fine before the oil change and now it wasn't fine.  They found the issue and did a repair that I had to pay more for.  But guess what, I have a new oil leak that happened to coincide with me getting my oil changed there - could be a coincidence, but I'm just not sure.  Also, they supposedly check your tire pressure, but I ended up having to go to Discount tire a few weeks later to get it topped off, because the tires didn't feel right (turns out they were indeed a little low).  I'll never go back here again and it's a shame because they have good hours and it's close to me.  The first couple of times I went in things were fine, but after this last visit, I don't feel confident going there anymore.  Maybe the issues with my car were a coincidence - it's possible, but the guy at the front desk was less than pleasing with the way he treated and spoke to me.  To me, it just doesn't add up. And I don't need a response from the owner, clearly lots of people go here and love it, but I won't be back.

This place does adequate/good mechanical work, but I have issues with their inspection and servicing salesmanship. I went in for an oil change and a standard inspection. 

They recommend services preemptively. Substantially preemptively. They recommend I get my transmission fluid changed when the vehicle only has 35K miles. The manual recommends such at 150K and the dealership (Ford) recommends 50-60K. Proposed cost of air filter replacement was exorbitant for the price of the part and the labor involved. Finally, they recommend that I get my wheel bearing repacked. After checking this out, I found that my bearings are sealed and should under no circumstances (per the manufacturers warning) be unsealed, and are instead fully replaced with time. 

Car maintenance is a proactive venture, but the practices of Superior Auto, in my opinion, cross a line where they seem to be more concerned about pressuring you into services that are really just normal wear. That, and they proposed something that should not be done on my vehicle. In all, I simply went with the oil change and a drive belt replacement (also done early), and didn't opt for anything else. I would not return or recommend them.

Love my Mini. The service department - not so much. The last couple of times that I came in, they have been just cranky.  We purchased every extra protection package under the sun when we bought our Mini there, but I'm always getting into a debate with them as to whether certain things are covered, when I was just serviced for the same thing a few visits ago. AND when I call to make the service appointment, the person on the phone says it's covered. They go back to Finance to confirm and surprise! It's covered. Ugh, frustrating.  Prior to these last couple of visits, I was always assigned to this British guy who worked there, but not sure if he is still there (can't remember his name). He was the only person thus far in the service department who  was nice and gave great customer service. 

I would give them 1 star, except that we bought our Mini from Chuvit, who is awesome. We placed a custom order and he was in constant communication with us about the status. So +1 because of Chuvit.

Bought a Subaru Forester a bit over a year ago. The sale was fine and straightforward. Cesar was nice. The car hasn't had any major issues (one wheel bearing, to be expected with the model, and just oil changes otherwise) and is still running great. 

I was promised that a replacement for a broken heater switch was ordered, and we wrote it on the sale agreement that they would replace it. I didnt hear anything for a few months.  I tried calling and left a message and have sent a couple emails without any response. I'm not in the immediate area so it isn't convenient to stop by. I figured I'd give them a chance but they dropped the ball. 

2/5, car is good but don't expect any support after the sale.

We had a great experience with the salesman and we got a great price on our new car.  The woman who did the finance paperwork was terrible.  She asked my wife if she had ever "had trouble with homeland security" and said that a bunch of "weird Lebanese names" had come up as possible aliases for her.  My wife let her know that she is of Egyptian descent and has not had issues with homeland security.  The racism apparent in the woman's question floored us and we almost walked out.  When we went over the finance paperwork she repeatedly pressured us to buy expensive warranties and was very rude and snide when we declined.  She made the entire experience so uncomfortable that we both left feeling terrible.  This woman should be not be allowed to treat customers with such racist bias or to pressure them in such an unprofessional and coercive way.

Despite a good car buying experience Hertz get a 2-star from me because Hertz is not transparent to its customers. I got a used car from Hertz Burien and even after purchase I was not informed of the Incident that was associated with the car. The incident was related to damage near the right headlight that the rental company found and documented while a customer left the vehicle after renting it. See the attached photo of the report. 
I asked couple times before and during purchase for any issues including accident or hits and was told that there were none. While I was purchasing, the finance person was walking me through each document I was getting for the car. Except for the Incident Report, I was shown every document. When I got home and going through the documents "excited for my new car", I discovered the incident report in the bunch. I hate when seller is not transparent - not that I would have not bought the car but not telling the customer what the car went through in past and just making a sale is mere cheating. The store manager did apologize on phone but how does it matter - the sale was already made.

So go ahead and buy cars from them because the car I bought is in good shape and I am loving it but be prepared for surprises post purchase.

Initial interactions were positive - they were flexible and easy going. I was free to take the vehicle of interest to my mechanic for an PPI. At the time of the deal, when presented with the inspection notes, they consulted w/their affiliated shop, quoting me significant discounts over my mechanic's parts and labor, so I agreed to a price taking that into consideration.

Post-sale, they refused to return my numerous calls to confirm\schedule these discounted repairs, then when the vehicle registration arrived, was informed they mis-calculated licensing fees and needed another $200. An upstanding business would have eaten this cost considering they got a clean trade, cash-deal, AND didn't return my calls for a referral to their 'preferred' shop. Would not refer a friend.

I'm giving them 2 stars because I bought my very first car there about 4 years ago. 
Since my first experience wasn't bad I decided to go again to buy a truck. They had the one I wanted and let me test drive it. My down payment would of been almost paying it off. Instead of working with me the guy decides to tell me I should buy the truck with an interested that would of added $8,000 more on top of what they were offering it for. 
I kindly declined and try to leave. Instead of just letting me walk out the door the guy held on to my I'd while going back and forth trying to come up with a "what seemed like a better deal"
It was the same deal just an extra year to pay it off and even more interest!
I had 10,000 for down payment. The truck was only 13. 
After interested it would of been 21,000 for a 2005 truck. 
Never ever going back here.
The good: everyone I dealt with was pleasant.

The bad: The car they offered to sell us for $12,000 was unfit and unsafe to drive at any speed.

The story: We made a special trip and drove all the way to their lot because we are interested specifically in a Toyota Land Cruiser 100 series, and there aren't a lot of them around. I called ahead, and they said they had it so we drove on out.  It was advertised for $12,000. It would be one thing if we drove out there, and found the truck a bit overpriced and couldn't agree to a price. This is something altogether different. This truck was so bad that it constituted a waste of me and my family's time driving all the way there, and is an insulting waste of time. 

This truck was BEAT UP. Fine. First thing I noticed is that there was water drops all down the inside of the glass. It smelled super funky. It took me about 20 seconds to figure out that the sunroof not only was open, but wouldn't even close fully. It is at least an inch open, and just sitting out in the elements. I guess they figured no one would look under the fabric vanity cover?? Then I discovered that three of the seatbelts were completely cut off. The drivers seat belt had no lap belt, with the buckle literally tied with a granny knot to the remains of the seatbelt. In my one minute inspection I found about four other problems which I won't bore you with. We didn't even take it for a drive.

Anyway, nobody there mistreated me, and they were friendly, but they wasted a ton of my time, for a truck that you would be crazy to pay $2000 for, least of all $12,000.

Needed oil change but ended up spending more than double of an oil change because they told me "no one comes in for just an oil change",
They said I should probably get the tires rotated but then they didn't do anything with the front ones because "they were fine". 
At least I had a tire patched and was given a loaner vehicle. But my car wasn't even vacuumed like they said t would be on return. Oh well.

How I would rate my buying experience here?

Pros-
Pleasant to talk with.

SoSo-
Description of vehicle, 85%-90% accurate.
Auto preparation.

Cons-
Frugal to deal with.  
Do your home work.

They have some good cars at very decent prices; we were more than happy with our purchase. However, the follow-up on their end was less than perfect. Loan documents that didn't get forwarded to the bank; a good-to-go sticker that was promised to be removed from a trade-in but wasn't (really, it was my fault; I totally forgot). Having to make an appointment is a bit tricky as well, since it's hard to predict how long it will take to get there and find parking.

Updating this due to the prompt and courteous support from Andrea in Customer Relations. She seemed genuinely concerned about the overall negative experiences, and was kind enough to have a new lug nut sent to me. Unfortunately whoever processed the shipment didn't put enough postage on it, so USPS required me ro make the trip to their office and drop a couple bucks out of pocket to receive it. Still appreciate Andrea's efforts though!

Referring to Katherine F.'s review on July 7th, I understand her frustration.  But I am shocked to see the name of her adviser.  First of all, I thought reviewers only listed out an individual's name in positive reviews.  2nd, the particular adviser mentioned in the review was very nice to me in the 3 times I was there.  Could it have been possible that he did not have good supporting staff to provide him the correct information?  I agree that this service center is not the same as it used to be, regardless of its name being Chaplin's or Michael's.  Refer to my review on April 24, 2017.  I'm marking 3 stars out of respect for those service staff who do work hard :)

Update on Aug. 2nd, 2017, I continue to see reviewers listing out specific advisers' names in negative reviews, so I'm updating my reviews with specific advisers' names to be fair to everyone.  Marcello was one of the nicest advisers who serviced me for multiple times.  Yes.  Better training, a more seasoned team and management would help.  Hope that will come with time.

I would only trust their detail center only. I do not like their pushy sales guys or their service department but they do an amazing job on vehicle detailing!!

The customer service when calling in to talk to the Sales Department is pretty bad. Shouldn't the service be the best when interacting with Sales because they want revenue? 

The information given to me on the date of purchase re: receiving the license plates was different than what was told to me on the phone when I called in re: receiving my license plates. I told the man on the phone about the misunderstanding and he brushed off my explanation of why I thought I would get a call when the plates arrived (that is what was told to me upon purchase). 

When he was rude to me on a couple of different counts, I asked for his name. He paused for a few seconds and suddenly, his attitude toward me changed! Funny how that happens.

I would think when someone has the potential to make a large purchase or certainly someone who just made a large purchase like a $30K+ car, service would be better. I won't be looking at them again in the future when the time comes to buy another car. 

I am not going to be quick to recommend them to someone if asked considering the entirety of my interactions with the dealership.

This used car lot is just a few blocks off I-5 and easy to get to.  

The woman who helped me was exceedingly courteous and soft spoken.  I called ahead to ask about a specific vehicle and when I arrived they had it running with the A/C on.  But before I could test drive I had to wait for them to move cars, as it was blocked in.  This is a pretty big lot for a small used car dealer and they have every square inch packed, so there's a good variety of vehicles.  

The first thing that happened when I got in the car was the armrest collapsed.  Closer inspection revealed it had broken previously.  A small hurdle for the saleswoman to overcome but she handled it pretty well.  There was no pressure to buy and no weird gimmicks.

There are several women working sales here, which may be more comfortable for women who are shopping alone and don't want to deal with pushy salesmen.  Also, they habla espanol.

The service manager contacted me and offered to match the independent shop's estimate.  However, I already had gone ahead with the service with the independent shop (Import Doctors).  I don't know if the service manager's offer was sincere since it was long enough after my 1 star review that the issue had become moot.  However, I am willing to give him the benefit of the doubt and therefore I am amending my review to an average score of 3 stars.  

That said, people need to know that Mini's are not reliable cars.  I have had my Mini for 5 years and have now spent more than $9,000 on unscheduled repairs (things going wrong that are not supposed to).  These are not reliable cars people.  However, even knowing that, my next car will probably be a Mini.  Why?  To be honest, they look cool and are fun to drive.  If I wanted a reliable car, I would go buy a Honda.  I owned a Honda once for 10 years and spent probably less than $1000 on unscheduled repairs.  It was also a very boring 10 years of driving.  Thus, due to people like me who have been bitten by the Mini bug, I doubt Mini will ever create a more reliable vehicle.  They don't need to with "suckers" like myself.

I overall enjoyed my experience, the salesman was very friendly and personable, I don't think I've ever had such a quick auto sale which I appreciated.  My only problem is that they hiked the price above the kelley blue book fair value, though they gave me a great trade in offer so I suppose it's a toss up.

My husband and I got into a very wrong place (small car sales) that Monday Memorial day thinking we'd find a good sales even we don't have the best of credit or need to work on. We got a nice car but no one won't extend warranty because car got problems. We got into a bad sleepless, restless night. The following day I went to see and check out Excellent Choice. I met one of the Salesman and gave them my contract and ask if there's something can be done with my case. 
 
Shawn, the owner who was so pleasant and with a nice smile met with me and discuss my options and promised he will help us. He got us in a car actually, for my young daughter to drive. He got us a Toyota Corolla with quite high mileage, we know used Car can't expect much, but with Shawn helping out even the brakes and now the door locks it is making everything easier for us. 

We 've been in US for over 30 years and the credits could be up to the best and times down or bad. It's sometimes a cycle this time, economy to be blame too, but wherever you will buy a car either in big well known dealerships or the small lots there's no win win situation, there's always something.  With Excellent Choice, I think they are really good the way they dealt with me and my husband. I believe we just knock in their hearts and be honest to them.. besides,this is how they make a living.  But I bet you these people have good hearts. In fact, we will try them again for another Car soon.

In reality I will score them 4 stars and hoping will maintain their good job with us and the rest of their future customers.
My opinion of Super America Auto Sales has changed.  Mostly because the asking price on the cars they have is between 100% and 300% of fair market, Kelley Blue Book value.  I know, most car lots on Aurora are like that, but I don't have any experience with them.  For example, a 2000 Toyota Echo Sedan with 139,000 miles--they are asking $4,500 for this car.  Kelley blue book has it at $1,819, plus or minus, depending on the options.  I just found out the car I'm driving is only worth $1,500 when selling to a private party, but I signed a contract that will have me paying over $4,344 in payments, PLUS the $1,000 I put down.  So I will have paid FOUR THOUSAND $$$ MORE than the car is actually worth.  Shame on me.

Lu is a really nice guy, as is the whole family, who also repair the cars they sell.  They just charge an awful, awful lot, but if you need a car and have only $1,000 then they will get you on the road--but you will pay for it.  In house financing is currently thirty percent.

I will say that all the car dealers along Aurora are charging 200% to 300% over book value, but of those car dealers, Super America is the one that I trust.  They take their time to pick well-running cars and if anything is wrong with them, they fix it before they sell it, and after that, if something goes wrong, they give reduced rates on in-house labor.

Very nice clean location. The salesman was Peter he was a nice guy and approachable. I sat down with him and talked numbers.  We couldn't make a deal but he was honest and upfront. I would definitely suggest checking them out if you need a car.

Samanthajoy was tremendously helpful to us. We were considering an X1 and, while we ultimately chose a different car, I still highly recommend EBA. Their sales staff was friendly and gave us all the information we could possibly have needed to make the right decisions.

We believe in building relationships in service of making smart purchases, and we will consider EBA every time we purchase a vehicle, thanks to Samanthajoy, Carlos, Scott, and the whole EBA staff.

"Last month I purchased a vehicle at Auto Quest.  Once I got home with the vehicle my husband pointed out a problem.  I call Zac right away explaining the problem, letting him know that the vehicle did not fit out needs.

I expected some push back and hard sales tactics but this was not the case.  He was pleasant and understood our concern and told us to return the vehicle in the morning.  When we got to the dealership he gave us the 

option of returning the vehicle or choose a different one.  We looked around and ended up purchasing a different vehicle which we are very happy with.

Our car buying experience with Zac was great.  It was refreshing to see that there are still excellent people in the car sales world that put customer satisfaction as their priority. 

I would definitely buy another vehicle from Zac at Auto Quest!!!

Anthony & Winsome W.

Easy going, low pressure approach, cars are above average quality, fair pricing....
Long term employee, Robert, hard to find in this business, must be doing something right...

Never purchased a rental car but did much research before selecting Enterprise. I started doing online searches and this Enterprise location had had the make/model I was looking for. 
Enterprise only directly offers the lowest mileage and lightest use vehicles while selling the remainder of their fleet directly to dealerships. Only time will tell if I made the right decision but the vehicle I purchased is in great shape appearance wise. 
The staff at Enterprise( Jamie, Ashe and Anthony?) in Shoreline couldn't have been more helpful or courteous and had me on my way in less than 2 hours including a test drive. Plus they take credit cards so I also received a free round trip airfare from my Alaska CC for my purchase!
I would recommended this company and this dealership to anyone wishing to purchase a gently used vehicle.

We ended up purchasing another car over the weekend from a different company, but we wanted to thank Craig for staying an hour late to work with us on our preferences for purchasing a Chevy Sonic LTZ. He was very professional and we never felt pressure to purchase a car we weren't comfortable with and they were willing to do some research for us to get us the right car. 

Thanks guys!!

I bought my first real car form here! Awesome dealership. I had the car inspected by Nissan to get the facts and I was surprised how honest the answers were! Very accurate and the car was in good condition! I respected that and I am grateful to dan Bill and Justin to help me select the car I wanted! Also they are always supportive for at questions I have! I just pick the phone and call them! 
Thanks again!

Rating should be 4.5 if that were possible.

Waited 7 months before posting...but after a test drive of one car I had my eye on and not being sure about, Bill called me a WEEK later saying that he found the car for me. The fact that he kept me in mind, and I was the first person he called was more than what I expected from a used car dealership. I came in literally the next day straight from camping in the mtns, probably still smelling like camp fire, and test drove my 2007 4runner I currently own. Being a first time car buyer I did A LOT of research before buying, which every car owner should do. Also I was a bit nervous about the process, and Bill let me put a small deposit on the car so I could have day or 2 to think it over which was incredible; throughout the entire process I never felt rushed.
I had the rig inspected by an outside mechanic, and with only a few firm chats with Bill we were able to compromise on what needed to fix and what could wait. Docking off half a star as the tires on the car were said to have more tread (40%) on them than what I believed closer to (20%), and I ended up having to replace them within a month for safety concerns (close to 800$ eek), but I mean I could have expressed my concerns a bit more, (1st time negotiator here) and if I wasn't so ready to drive my car off the lot haha.

Car has actually been inspected twice now by a mechanic and is still sound and they actually couldn't find a thing wrong with it; issue ended up being the tires needed replacing. After that happened, the car is running and drives like a well oiled machine almost a year later.
I drive the car about once a week so gas isn't really an issue, but coming from a person who has never driven a car less than 20 years old...I look for reasons now so I can drive somewhere. Thanks Bill!

Great cars for great prices. Mookie and David will take care of you. I was communicating long distance and they helped me out with the sale, the commute from the airport, and shipping after all was said and done. Now I own a Lotus, and couldn't be happier. Heads turn, the car growls, it's a blast to drive, and my bank account isn't crying. Usual wear and tear for a used sports car. If you want a fun car and pay less than planned, stop by.

Marcy did a great job finding us a car.  We gave her our budget and she came out a little over, but ultimately found us a great car for the $$.  Have some patience, she took over 2 months to find our car.  Part of that was because what we were looking for was hard to come by.  

When she found a car that fit our bill, she had us give the go ahead and then purchased it.  She had a mechanic look at it and replaced the brakes, wipers, and any other work they deemed necessary.  We came down and took it for a test drive and signed all the paperwork and cut her a check.  Easy peasy!

Save yourself the hassle of negotiating with sleazy used car salesman and hire Marcy!

Her office right by PCC Seward Park.  If there are no spots nearby there will be some in the nearby neighborhoods.

Great quick service.

I have a Toyota Camry, and needed one of my oxygen sensors changed. I bought the product myself and they changed it.  Total was $80 for labor and disposal.

Here is my update: Matt (not Mike ) has called me directly to personally talk about my review on yelp. First, I appreciate companies who call back and talk about every aspect on my review for clarification. We talked for about 45 minutes so it positively shows that the dealership does care about the service they provide. In general, companies rarely interact with their customers after the transaction, but they are actively engaging with their previously unhappy customers shows that they are adapting to the changing environment. Second, my first review was my reaction from a culmination of experiences with buying a car from this dealership. I have mentioned to Matt that if the car was perfectly fine - all the weird nuances and excess time incurred during our experience at the dealership would have never brought up. At the same time, buying a car from a dealership is hardly ever a positive experience. Nevertheless, my previous review was real, from my perspective with the truth of the moment.  Having said that, Matt, Kimberly and everyone who works in dealership are all individuals just like us. They may have dropped the ball about certain things when we bought the car with them, but they aren't going to be perfect.  I will say that Matt and the dealership is not sketchy. I do feel that they are equally apprehensive with customers because to be honest, there are some crazy people out there and if we try to put ourselves in their position - who hasn't dealt with unreasonable and crazy customers before?! So yes, they can be a bit awkward and I may have read that as "sketchy", but after speaking with Matt and him taking the time to explain what was going on from their perspective, I can definitely understand where they are coming from. I do still feel that we spent a lot of time and effort for this purchase. But again, I definitely commend Matt personally reaching out to me for a richer picture of my experience with them. That effort from him shows that they care and would like to know what they can do better. So after talking to Matt and re-thinking this over my advise when buying from them is to ASK QUESTIONS. You think something is weird, your instincts are out of place, just ask them why.. they're more than willing to tell you what's up and will prevent you from assuming and coming to a conclusion that will lead you to a negative experience.  Will I buy another car from this dealership? Yes. Most especially if Matt is still around.

The good. Car price was decent,  competitively priced with the dealers around. Test drive was ok,  no major snags there. Actually good car selection. I got approved pretty fast with a decent rate. Nothing to complain. 

The neutral. My trade in felt undervalued but lowball offers are to be expected from dealers. I accepted it in order to not have to list it for sale myself. Again,  no complaint. 

The bad.  The endless sales pitches that are spewed by every employee. It does wear out on you.

I asked about where can I get the windows tinted and the salesperson said to call the business across their parking lot 'eastlake autoglass'  and say 'X sent you here' because I'll get a great rate....Upon calling,  the guy told me they  don't even do tinting and he has no idea why X recommended them. Way to make me look like an idiot to a complete stranger. 
Update: Dealer realized their error and suggested a different tinting place. That was a nice touch.

Overall experience. Pretty fast and good service. It is a car dealership, you won't be wowed as they are a small business, but they try to make things work.

This is a nice car dealership. I have bought a MB C300 4Matic 2013. The service was good. The car was nicely maintained, can be described as almost new. After 3 weeks drive it has no problem so far. The price was decent, though they did not give much room for negotiation. Overall it is a good experience for me so far. I have worked with Don and Alan, both are polite and professional. Will still go to this dealership if I have more needs.

After visiting another shop for a pre-scheduled 9am appointment on a Friday for a 90k service, I called Community Automotive hoping they could see me. The other shop didn't seem in a hurry to see me after making me wait 10 minutes while the shop attendant was getting coffee. That was not the case here! I immediately walked in and was helped out. 

The service agent (sorry - missed his name!) was super friendly and let me know he would call me about what they felt the vehicle needed before taking any action. When he called he recommended only part of the 90k service - he didn't feel I needed to replace the spark plugs which would have doubled the cost of the service. He stated none of them were misfiring and I should follow up in a year.

My car was completed in a few short hours and I was routinely updated on the status. I definitely recommend checking them out if you're in the area!

After some time living in Seattle with limited decent public transportation (sorry, an excess of buses does not count as adequate public transit), my partner and I decided to trade-in our one car for two.  After much research and car history (we have owned a Ford Focus Titanium, Fiat 500 Pop, and Hyundai Sonata Hybrid), we decided to try out a Toyota.  Toyota offered what I was searching for:
-2-year maintenance
-Decent leasing options
-Hybrid vehicles
-Technological features (USB ports, navigation offerings with Apps, moon roof, heated seats, keyless carstart...)

Pros:
+Beautiful, new facility close to downtown Seattle
+Large selection of cars to test drive
+Modern service center
+Free wi-fi and coffee machine with many drink options
+All the salesmen appear to be models (Can't say I mind...yet they aren't the bright Crayons in the box!)  Thankfully, they weren't very pushy, just professional.  I think car dealerships have learned that pressure doesn't sell.

Down-falls:
-Limited parking in their lot
-Their website is horrible making it difficult to make service and sales appointments (don't even give their app a try!  Bugs galore!)
-Toyota offers so many different vehicles and with multiple tiers (i.e. Prius, Prius C, Prius V, plus i, ii, iii, and iv for each).  With this said, sales staff have difficulty to remain knowledgeable about each style and its variances
-The business/loan crew is absolutely clueless!  I had to go in SIX times to complete paperwork that they had misfiled (first they had us sign each other's forms, then my VIN was somehow swapped with another car sold?!).  Two temporary and permanent license plates later, here I am.  Thank goodness for Weenta since she was the only one that appeared to know her stuff and remain friendly and apologetic.

While there were many ups and downs down our car deal, in the end, I love my car.

Toyota of Seattle at the SODO area is nice. Well compared to the old location at the SLU, this is an upgrade for sure! 
Basic oil change, no tire rotation is $40. I drop the Camry off in the morning. Walk around the waiting area. Grab a machine double cappuccino. Take their complementary shuttle back home. The service rep will call you when your car is ready for pick up. Shuttle will pick you back up too! And with every service, you get a voucher to the brown bear car wash! But like every car dealership service, they will recommend additional services, such as changing your cabin air filter for $80. Which you could do your self for $8 bucks.

I bought a 2002 Mazda Protege 5 from Jeff a few months ago. He made the experience extremely easy and was flexible and reasonable. I looked at the car at his Bellevue location and when told him I wanted to have my mechanic take a look at it in another town, he was very workable.

The entire experience was easy and smooth, which isn't always the case when buying a used car. While he may be considered a "dealer" because of the Magnolia Motors location, I found the experience to have the best part of the personal experience with the advantages offered by working with a dealer.

I'd highly recommend if looking for a good deal, with a personal touch and great customer service.

I had been looking for a replacement car for a few months, finally ended up finding a car that I liked. So I came here to talk to Will about it, he was friendly, knowledgeable and just attentive enough. When I it really comes down to it, I bought the car because of Will and how he ended up treating me. 

The reason that I am missing one star it's that, while I enjoyed talking to Curt and saw how hard he worked to get me the best rate. He was a little stand off ish about me coming in with a loan from USAA after we had determined that I could get a better rate there. I was willing to turn away and continue my search, but got a chance to talk to Will and got it all sorted out.

My boyfriend found a vehicle we were interested in online. It happens to be here at SS Motors. The guy that came out  to help us, Rob, was very nice, laid back, not pushy. The lot attendant was very quick and helpful getting the keys and arranging the other vehicles so we could do a test drive. The car took  a moment to start and the attendant got  some gas in the car and off we went. The vehicle had some wear and tear, but what we expected for the year/price. Do to some possible issues with the exhaust and bald tires they came down on the price about $650. Another of the employees (Syrg is what I think they were calling him) said they could get us tires almost at cost with their sister company that does tires. We're considering taking them up on it. Everyone in the office was pretty nice. The lady doing the finances was quick and friendly, everything worked out and we were done. As we were finishing up the paperwork I saw them changing the oil for us. Not sure if it was to cover something up or just to be nice. They also washed down the vehicle and cleaned the tires on my personal vehicle that I had driven there.

Once home we found a small oil leak and took it in to get looked out. A main oil seal had a leak. Great, cheap enough part, but the work will cost about $1000. My boyfriend called SS Motors and they said that they can get the work done there, for cheaper. Still not sure on the cost or the work yet but I will keep Yelppers up to date!

Overall it was a fairly easy operation. I would definitely go with Rob, he doesn't seem slimy or anything. If you know what you want and you are educated on the value/cost, I think you can walk out of here fairly happy.

great service! Heather is quick and efficient, no pressure, and Rosie's there to answer any questions and eager to help. thanks, Ladies! i had a pleasant experience working with you and love my 2009 Mitsubishi!

I had a problem with this company about a week ago.  However Serj, the owner and Kris delivered awesome customer service and made everything better.  The owner is even sending a gift card for all the confusion.

Overall, they seem to deeply care about their customers, and when things go wrong, like in my case, they make it right.

Thanks Serj

I was looking at both a RAV4 and an Outback. Toyota of Seattle was difficult to work with, so I walked away and ended up leasing a new 2017 Outback from Bill Koch at Carter Subaru. The process could NOT have been easier and friendlier. Everything was explained clearly. I needed certain options, and didn't want to pay for a lot of options I didn't need They were more than happy to order me a new car if they didn't have a good match in stock - which Toyota didn't want to do - but Carter found a good match in Eastern WA and had it brought over, and will be installing two added options that I need. The lease terms were excellent, and Bill walked me through all of the ins and outs on the new car. Very happy with everything so far. It'll be a while before it needs any service, and I'll update then...

My girlfriend and I went to trade in a car, and upgrade to a 20014 Jeep Patriot. Chris and Jim were both very professional and helpful. They navigated us through the process of our new purchase and we were out of there in less than two hours. 

Excellent customer service. If you are looking for your next car or want to trade in your existing car, Enterprise on Grady Way, Renton is my first recommendation.

Thanks again Chris and Jim

I had such a stress free experience with enterprise car sales in Renton. I would recommend all of my friends and family to go here. 

I came into the Renton car sales as a first time car buyer. I worked with primarily Chris Lee and also with Chris Potter through my whole experience. They showed me a Hyundai Elantra and I loved it! I left, and was considering the Elantra. I received a Hyundai Accent as a rental and realized this was the car for me. I called Chris to see if there was one available, he told me that there wasn't in Renton, but they would find the car I wanted! 

I couldn't believe the customer service and the strings they pulled to make this possible. Chris was constantly checking in with me while we waited for the car to arrive. They found the car I wanted, with the color, brand new tires, totally clean and detailed inside and even low(er) miles. I was so happy!! It took a few weeks for the car to get there, a few minor repairs and certified. Waiting the few weeks was worth it! When my car finally got there it was exactly what I wanted. 

They have a 7 day return if I'm not happy with the car and also 1 year roadside assistance. This comes with any car you buy from them! We found out that Hyundai doesn't support USB hookup for iPhones without the cable you have to buy from Hyundai. I told them that the USB hook up was very important to me, so the Chris' bought the cable for me from apple and Hyundai, free of charge, to me! I was also able to work my window tint into my monthly financing. 

Although there is no haggling and they up charge a bit for profit, but I feel like it was worth it for the customer service. I plan on returning here for my next car purchase in the future. I will also highly refer friends and family to this location for car sales. The way they took care of me felt like a family member not a car salesmen.

I had a very good experience at this dealership. They let me test drive the vehicle on my own, which enabled me to take it to a mechanic, call a car salesman friend of mine, test drive it like a normal person, and generally go all over the car like as if I were buying a used car without a warranty (and I was!). The staff were very responsive, personable, and helpful. It's a no/low haggle lot. I felt my car was somewhat overpriced and tried to haggle, and ended up walking out without the car. The next day they messaged me. Apparently it's rare, but in some instances they're willing to talk. I was looking for a very specific car that was somewhat unpopular for reasons that this particular model/engine was not the issue. I am blessed with former Dodge sales persons and Dodge mechanics as friends. I was able to negotiate a very fair price for the vehicle, all of my industry knowledgeable friends feel it was a very fair deal, and I was SUPER happy with the service I received in vetting the vehicle. Specifically, Rob was fantastic!

I was in the market for a particular vehicle for my wife.  Certain color within a year range and a certain trim level.  I found 2 in this state and one in Oregon which is within reach.  One dealer had exactly what we were looking for with approximately 20k less miles but I had a bad car buying experience.   I chose to spend $200 less with a great experience for the rig my wife wanted.  Took it for my warranty inspection which W&D gets a C on but the vehicle was in 8.5/10 shape.  I only mention because one fix was simple and ridiculous which maybe the reason it was sold that way.  Either way Pat and Brion did an excellent job and would recommend them as a place to go!  Great job guys; experience matters which is why the other guys to date still have their MDX unsold.

Saabs and only Saabs.

Nate and Martin are the two fellows down in Georgetown that do the best (and most affordable) work in town on Saabs.  Got a Toyota, Honda or Porsche...these are not the guys for you.

Quick turn around, loaner if you need it and very accommodating guys.  The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is if your Saab needs a repair on a Friday afternoon you can forget about because these two guys are headed for the outdoors somewhere.

Bonus: in the summer they have a free weekly BBQ, come one, come all.

I got excellent service and was not given any problem when I asked to have the truck a couple hours for an inspection. Great deal and I love my truck.

I called and spoke with Corey on the phone. He was straight forward and very professional. So I proceeded with purchasing a vehicle for my daughter. I brought her with me and he made us feel very relaxed during the whole transaction. I had a trade -in and he met my expectations in every aspect. I felt like he was honest and trustworthy and had the perfect car for us. My daughter has a memory now that she will carry with her the rest of her life. Her first exciting experience  buying a car was made possible because of Corey. I highly recommend this place to anyone.

This is like trying to write a good review about the DOL/DMV, no one really likes going to a used car lot, but these guys made it mostly painless. Financing was quick and easy and Kandis was surprisingly knowledgable about the car she was selling me. I didn't get "scummy sales people" vibes at all from the staff, they gave me space to check out cars and let me ask questions rather than try to push a sale on me.

The only complaints I have is them putting gap insurance on my bill, but they did explain to me all the charges on my bill "We didn't go over this, but we added gap insurance and can remove it if you'd like". While this can be a good idea to purchase, it wasn't in my case. Cars which depreciate in value rapidly, you'll probably want to buy this. Usually it's customary to put a full tank of gas in a car, the gas light was on within 30 minutes of my drive home. That's the only things keeping me from giving this place 5 stars.

Back in August I traded my car for a truck. My husband and I went in and found what I was looking for. I test drove the truck with Melvin and decided that it was right for me. We met with Rob and he showed us what he could offer us for our trade and we showed him what we wanted for the truck. Few minutes later we made the deal. The truck today runs great and these guys are awesome to deal with. Never once had them not be willing to help us with any questions or concerns. I've been doing some maintenance on the truck and the guys at Millennium have been more than helpful in their recommendations and even getting me better prices for things I want done. Some of the negative reviews left me a little confused, but I figured everyone wants a better deal than the best deal that was offered. My husband and both agree we would buy from the guys at Millennium Motors again.

My wife and I have been bringing our cars here for eight years. They have come through for us on numerous occasions and have always provided a dependable, honest service. They have a friendly staff and a well equipped, clean waiting area.
I`m glad we found these guys.

Hmm, so I called to schedule service and asked about a loaner. The lady said we don't offer loaners cause the appt in ONLY 2 hrs. She goes on to say, "You can use our shuttle service if it's within 15 miles and no tolls". I ask, if they drop off to the Seattle down town area like 4th avenue. To which she says " I don't know, I don't live in that area". I was so taken aback by the response, I just hung up! Great first impression. More to come when I actually take he car in for service. This is my first mini and while the sales experience at the Tacoma location was great, the service experience in thand Seattle area had started out being shitty.
-update : the manager kept his promise (thank you) and there was a loaner available after some discussion. In terms of the service, the work performed on the car was perfect. And it was washed, cleaned and raring to go .  Now all this place needs is a new call center to better the customer experience

I wrote one review when I purchased my 4 dr Mini and now I want to write another one from a different experience.  Aly the General Manager is amazing and helped me with my purchase as well as anything else I had questions on.  Also, any time I took my Mini in for Service it was a good experience as they were extremely helpful.  Recently, I had to sell my Mini due to some issues with my health.  In working with Alicia Carr, one of their Finance Manager's, she was very responsive and helpful with getting my refunds back for the GAP and extended warranty. As long as the same people work there, I will definitely go back when I get to purchase another Mini in the future hopefully.

I went with my Mom to pick up her new MiniS that she ordered and there was a communication issue and some of the mods were not installed on the car after we were assured that they would be. Additionally, they were not included in the original price quoted because they were not installed by the factory.

The dealership sales manager Glenn made it right and worked within my Mom's budget to get her the Mini she always wanted. It's her first new car.
We are very happy with the level of service and professionalism displayed by all the people at the dealership.

After having numerous issues and finally a cancellation by the vendor when ordering from another "Parts" website, I ordered a hood insulation mat for my Countryman from the Seattle Mini website. Yes, they were a few dollars more, but they provided a great website experience, good communication via email, and safe, reasonably fast coast to coast shipping.  I will order from them again.

I am now updating my review for the second (or maybe third) time. After 3 years away from Mini ownership I am back again, this time with a 2004 JCW. I went back to Seattle Mini again, this time because I know one of the Service Technicians there. This time it was only a pre-purchase inspection (and yes, I did buy the car) but my impression this time will have be using them again. Jason Mateas was my Service Technician - fantastic to deal with.

When me and my family went searching for my first car we stopped by the Hertz car sale and I have to say I was really impressed. Right when we got in we immediately had someone helping us and they were understanding of all the needs we wanted to find in a first car. I left in a great used car and is still running great. I would definitely recommend coming here to find a car. Its overall service is great!

I had a great experience. I went on a total of five test drives (Mazda 2, Fiat, Kia, Chevy, Mazda 3) with Gianni Falzone, who could not have been more patient or easygoing as we got onto the freeway yet one more time. He answered my questions; if he didn't know something, he said so, and he put absolutely zero pressure on me to buy, which was wonderful. It was a pleasure working with him.
It took a while for the car I wanted to show up, and the only reason I am giving my Hertz experience 4 stars is because of the wait for a 2013 Mazda 3; the selection was pretty thin on the lot for a while. 
I loved the Hertz no-haggle price policy. I researched prices before buying, and not only was their original price quite fair, but I got $1,000 off for buying during a sale.
I should add that several of my family members (one in his 60s, and a couple in their 30s - all of them smart, careful consumers) recommended I go through Hertz. They bought cars there during the last year and are happy with the results.

Rick was awesome, and honestly everyone I got to talk to in this place was awesome. 

No BS and straight to the point. One thing I would change though is their sales games, come on guys. Back and forth between me and the finance guy, just have people sit with him and get it figured out not go back and forth through the sales person.

Gerson Castillo is probably the most helpful person ever when it comes to looking for a car. Thumbs up!
I'm sure you will agree that it is crazy to commit to purchase a car online solely based on a few photos and your interaction with the car dealer? Who does that?  

I did. And it was awesome. 

From the onset it was quite apparent that Fin was honest and his passion for treating his customers right and doing right by them was a priority. 

Before I even set foot on the lot after a few days of online communication I committed to purchasing the vehicle.  I wasn't expecting much, after all.. I saw the photo online - the car was okay.. I was just looking for a weekend driver as I commute on the metro during the week for work and use Uber around the city. 

When I arrived to pay for the car a few days later OMG.. GORGEOUS. Fin told me it was - but I didn't realize it was going to be as perfect as it was.  Beyond exceeded my expectations. Fin is a BMW guy, he knows a lot about them and his family all drives them.. he pointed out details on the car I wouldn't even had looked for. I further marveled at his honesty and enthusiasm. He replaced the BMW logo and is popping on a shiny new grill for me to further make this sexy, gorgeous BMW even hotter. 

This entire car buying experience was beyond amazing. Ive been on the BMW lot in Fife and the quality with which they treat their customers doesn't compare to Fins, his honesty, attention to detail and customer service is top notch. 

Here's the thing - I work in sales, I have for 20 years.. I know all the sales tricks and tactics, words and phrases.. you name it.. I've done it with great monetary success.  Fin is the complete opposite of what you think of when you think of a used car salesman.. he's a personable easygoing businessman with fantastic rapport that treats his customers with respect, listens to their needs and offers a fair price on high quality vehicles and he is HONEST. 

My only complaint is that the car is in such sound condition and has such low miles, that it may be some time before I see Fin again to purchase another car! (Gorgeous 2003 BMW with 60k miles) But when I do buy a car in the future I'm definintely going back to Finesse. In the meantime, every one I know will know the awesomeness that is Fin and Finesse Auto sales.. 

Finesse = beautiful cars, fair prices. No headaches, no hassles, much respect. Go see them!

NOW!

I actually found this place through Yelp, even though it felt crazy to make a huge decision like where to buy a car from just from reviews. But I called up Fin, and just told him what kind of car I was looking for. He wasn't sure at first if he could help me - he didn't have anything like that on his lot - but he stayed on the phone answering all of my first-time car-buyer questions for ages. Finally, Fin offered to go out and find me the car I was looking for since I wasn't in a hurry. Within three months, I had my dream car! Fin spent time researching what would be the best fit for me, then looked around at auctions, sending me different options and talking them through with me as he went. I ended up with a gorgeous two-tone 2013 Scion Xd, still under warranty! Fin gave it to me at a fantastic price, and almost the best part of the whole experience was finally meeting him in person and signing the paperwork in his office with two shiba inus at my feet :) 

If you are anything like I was when I first called Fin, you might be feeling afraid of going to a car dealership, and are wishing that buying a car could be made simple and painless by a kind, honest person. If that's you, I highly recommend checking out Fin @ Finesse Auto Sales. I couldn't be happier with the car I ended up with, and am really thankful to Fin for making my first car purchase a great experience.

Fin may not be running the biggest or fanciest car dealership in PNW, but the quality of service and personal attention he provides makes shopping for a car a pleasure. He knows his cars and trades good ones - his past experience working at Mini dealership makes him a trustworthy guy to buy a used Cooper from. I bought mine 9 months ago and I'm still really happy with what I got.
Oh, and if you like dogs, make sure you say hi to his shibas:)

Amazing, trustworthy car dealership with true value pricing. Fin, the owner was very helpful and knowledge. I had test drove cars at multiple dealerships and his quality and pricing was the best on what I was looking for (BMW x5). I would definitely recommend this dealership especially if you are looking for a used BMW.

Mr Wang has a great selection of vehicles! His lot and customer area is clean and professional. He is very thorough, and pleasant to deal with. A breath of fresh air!

Fin is really great to work with! I did not wind up selling my car here for logistical reasons, but Fin was thorough, honest, communicative, and easy to talk to. Definitely would recommend Finesse Auto Sales.

I,m a first time buyer at finesse's auto sales had a great experience. He's also very friendly!

Just purchased a 2005 Subaru Legacy 2.5GT wagon from Finesse Auto Sales in Georgetown. This is my eigth vehicle, and I was looking for something specific. This has BY FAR been the BEST car buying experience I have ever had. I found the car on Cars.com and decided to go check it out. I called to make sure it was still on the lot and spoke with the owner Fin. I am a car guy so it was nice to work with someone that also appreciates cars and knows what they're talking about. A lot of used car dealers out there are just trying to make a commission and they will say whatever to make a sale. My experience at Finesse was nothing like this at all. Fin gad the cat pulled out and ready for me. Let me go over everything myself and take it on a long test drive alone. I fell in love with the car, and decided to buy. Talking with Fin, it was very clear that he loves what he does and isn't trying to put anyone in a vehicle they don't love. The subaru was on consignment and Fin helped talk down the owner to a price I felt comfortable with and the whole process was very smooth. Half the time during the buying process we were talking about other cars we like and it just felt as if he was a long time friend helping me get a car. I would recommend Finesse to anyone looking to get a great vehicle at a good price. This is definitely the first place I will be sending my friends and returning to once I decide its time for something new.
THANKS FIN!

Working with Fin was a delightfully refreshing experience. He is polite, honest, well spoken and at no point did I ever feel like I was being worked. I'm going to him from now on for all my auto sales needs. Truly a gem.

Fin was super knowledgeable about the cars on his lot, friendly and helpful.  We bought our second Nissan Leaf here and Fin had all the paperwork done in short order. We drove home with our new purchase - the whole process was smooth and professional

I am so happy to find this car dealer. Fin is very friendly and honest. We can trust him. Their selection is very unique so it is fun just for visiting. Also they can find car what you want as well. Price is very affordable, I got my car way better price than kbb!

Knowledgeable, courteous, and professional.  Fin made this used car buying experience easy and enjoyable.  I requested a few repairs based on a pre-purchase inspection. They were done promptly with no hassle. 
I would not hesitate referring Fin at Finesse Auto Sales to a first time buyer as well as a seasoned purchaser. Honest and totally transparent.
Fin is the reason why buying from a owner/operator is superior to the mega-stores.

Was a great experience to buy a car here. I was really not looking forward to having to haggle and deal with all the stereotypical car salesman stuff- this is NOT one of those places. Fin was really honest with us and really went the extra mile. Would definitely recommend this place. I love my WRX!! Thanks Fin : )

Fin is knowledgeable, honest and helpful. What more do you need from a used car dealer ? HIghly recommend.

Fin was excellent to work with. Answers all emails and is willing to work with buyers to help get them the car they want. Very refreshing experience compared to other used car dealers.

I first visited Fin to test drive a car. He was very courteous and knowledgeable and didn't pressure me in any way. Because of my experience, I came back and looked at another car. 

I was terrified about buying a used luxury vehicle but he provided resources and information that put me at ease. I purchased an immaculate BMW and couldn't be happier. 

Hands down the most enjoyable car buying experience I've had. I plan to keep in touch and would definitely return if I needed another vehicle. If you're in the market for a car, stop in and talk to Fin. I will never look at a car salesman the same...and doubt I'll meet another who has so much integrity.

If you're looking for a car, look no further because Fin will do right by you!

I am not one to review things online as I am a bit of a private man when it comes to the internet, but as Fin went to the above and beyond for me, I felt it was the right thing to do to return the kindness and write an honest review.

I recently moved to the US and as such, I needed a car but had no experience with purchasing one here, nor the procedures as I feared getting screwed over. Right from the get go, Fin was very patient and understanding of my situation, my budget and what I was looking for. Upon scouting a car that was within my scope, I met him at his dealership and I felt welcomed by Fin and his two awesome dogs.

Fin is a man of integrity and patience and he answered all my questions and concerns in a timely manner in detail. Not once did I feel pressured to purchase anything and felt that he was looking out for my interests. 

I have heard that many dealerships here have a bad rep, and while I cannot speak from personal experience, I am truly happy that my first experience has been a positive one with no headaches, doubts nor stress. Fin was there all the way through for me and was always quick to respond. 

It is without doubt that you will have a great experience like I did when looking for a car with Fin.

We recently purchased a used 2006 Mini Cooper S from Finesse Auto Sales.  To be honest, I fully expected to pass on the car when we pulled in the lot.  We've purchased cars from small lots before and had such negative experiences that I swore I would never do it again.  In this case, I'm very glad we didn't just drive away!

From the beginning I had a comfortable and confident feeling working with Fin.  He loves cars and really knows his stuff.  My husband fully researched the brand before looking at it and Fin knew more than he did.  Fin answered our many questions and put up with 3 visits over a week and a half period (and numerous calls and texts in between).  We never felt pressured or rushed into a decision. 

It is obvious that Fin is an honest guy, making an honest living doing what he loves.  He's off the beaten path, in Georgetown, but it was worth the trip from Olympia.  I have already recommended him to friends and family.  

I marked 3 stars on the facility because if you are expecting "Snobby Bellevue Dealership Luxury" at Finesse you won't find it.  What you will find is a great, no pressure, no BS car buying experience; a nice, knowledgeable, and honest salesperson; and a great, well priced car!

Make sure you say "hello" to his dog Aiko when you visit.

UPDATE:  After 2 months Fin called to say he tracked down the spare key.  Saved us big $$$!

Car buying experience..... SIMPLIFIED!!! Fin was very professional and very pleasant to deal with. He backs it up with in depth knowledge about the car he sells. Very patient too, had to go back 3 times to test drive and inspect the car I wanted. Found some issues to be fixed and was dealt with promptly. Best of all, he takes care of his clients even after the purchase.

Looking for a car for my older sister we found a 2004 Honda Civic on line.  It was a small dealer in Seattle but the car was exactly what she wanted. We worked the price out and made an appointment. When we showed up the car was nice and clean the sales person supper friendly. Easiest car we ever bough we were out of there in less that 45 minutes.  
I would really recommend them for a good used car.  
Location wasn't hard to find.

One of the best car places there is in North Seattle! I bought my Saab 9-5 from here and have been loving it ever since. They are very respectful people and they are willing to work with you based on your circumstances. I don't have the best credit but they were able to get me off the lot in a car that day! I got told no at several others places and at Super America it seemed like they really cared about getting me into a car. They also have been great with minor fixes like oil changes or tire repairs which is great when the car is expensive to get fixed. They also give you a warranty on the car for about to first couple a months to give you some headspace just in case the worst happens :) 

Overall, this is my best option "go-to" dealer to buy a new or used car! They also buy cars for cash!!

Such a great experience here! Looks like it's family owned which made the whole experience feel a lot more intimate and comfortable. We just bought a 2010 Nissan Altima here for $9,600 which was $1200 under asking price and was brought down just to get us at the payments we needed to be able to afford the car. This was so kind and helpful as my dads car just died out of no where and it was really short notice. They were so helpful and they have such cute and sweet dogs! Anyways, we are so happy with our new car and if we ever needed a car again this would deffinitely be the first place we check. Deffinitely recommend!

By far one of the greatest and easiest dealerships to do business with. No pressure sales, dealer was very knowledgeable and patient. VERY honest! First Dealership that actually took off the engine cover to see if the timing belt was new when the carfax didnt show it being replaced and got his hands a little dirty to make sure we were satisfied with the car completely! Highly recommended!!! Great prices, reliable cars, very very happy with my new Passat :)

Nice family run business. Lucino was very helpful and accommodating! I went to Super America to buy a car I saw online and was very impressed with the level of service. They even fixed an issue with the car I wanted on the spot. Also, while on their lot I noticed the inventory is pretty good. Definitely will recommend! Thanks!

I recommend this dealership to my friends, family and to everybody. Very straight up and honest. You will not be tricked or let down by Super America Auto Sales. If you are looking for trustworthy people to buy a car from, this is the place for sure. I will be coming back for my next vehicle. Until then I'll be rolling this pretty Lexus:)

Staff were helpful with financing, understanding about payments.  As small lots go, I'd recommend the place.  Got a car that's given me 2 years so far without trouble.

So you want to buy an electric car? Used? Well, this is the place to check out all of your choices. Take your time sitting in each one in this comfy indoor showroom. There are no hard sales tactics. In fact, it is sometimes hard to ask a lot of questions when you visit due to the popularity of this place on weekends. But Robert and Peter were very patient with us. They answered questions in person, on the phone and by email. They let us drive several cars. There was a really great range of cars, all of which were immaculately clean. We left happy!

Seriously the best and easiest car buying experience I've ever experienced. As other people have said, nobody hovers over you as you're browsing. Ask for help and they'll help, but otherwise they'll leave you alone as you browse, and taking a solo test drive was real nice. 

Prices are extremely competitive, so there's no need to haggle. I was out the door with my Nissan Leaf in a little over 1.5 hours of getting there...SO easy compared to the all-day car buying experiences I've been through.

They really are a one-stop shop for electric/hybrids, so if you're in the market for one there's no better place. They've developed a real expertise and can answer more EV/hybrid related questions than most other dealerships. 

Super highly recommend this place. Thanks!

We walked in with a general sense of what we wanted, and co-owner Peter was a charming, mellow, informed guy who, despite being slammed with customers, took superb care of us. Everything was easy! Highly recommend.

What I loved most about this place was how low pressure it was, how fairly the cars were priced, and the helpful nature of the folks who worked there.  Peter greeted me and allowed me to browse the lot without hovering which was great.  I really liked that you can pull up the carfax reports from the website...most of what I saw were low mileage, one owner lease returns.  I was interested in a Subaru that ended up being way in the back of the lot but four cars were moved just so I could take it for a spin.  I loved it!!  We agreed on price and the paperwork took what only felt like 30 minutes and had no surprises.  Could not recommend these guys more!

I've never written a review for a car dealer as working with them can feel like an unpleasant trip to the dentist. And refreshingly,  we had such a pleasant experience with Paramount I wanted to note why we recommend them. They were straightforward, no hard selling, all electric cars, and painless paperwork. They had to mail me the title for the sweet Fiat 500e we bought and they fedexed it so we could get it registered promptly. Thanks for being customer oriented.

Bought a Saab at Paramount Motors a year ago.  Very pleased with the overall transaction.  Got a good car at a fair price; they set up a loan through my credit union without any hassle.  I was treated with respect and patience, which I really appreciate.  Got a decent value on my trade.  Now that I'm considering changing to electric, Paramount Motors will be the first place I look for the next vehicle!

After a horrible high pressure sales experience at the local dealership I searched to see who else might have the car I was looking for and Paramount turned up.

I ended up buying a car from them that afternoon.  The sales person was both super knowledgeable and super patient (I had toddlers with me).

It was so refreshing to be helped my someone who genuinely wanted to get me in the right car for the right price.

Can't recommend them highly enough.  Next car I need (which I hope will also be electric) I'm not even going to shop around, I'm just going to head over to Paramount and see what they have.

I purchased a LEAF in July and I forgot to write a review. 

Peter (and Tucker) made buying a car a breeze. I got a high quality car for much less than I could have got from a Nissan dealer. No BS -- list price was way better than I had found anywhere.

My best car buying experience ever. The 2011 is in AMAZING condition I have not had any issues with it since the day I have purchased it. I have referred my friends to Paramount Motors because of the amazing quality of their inventory.

We knew we were going to buy one car, but by the end of our fifth test drive, we went home with two awesome vehicles! Thank you Peter and Tucker for delivering what "used car buying" should be. My wife and I had a horrible (5+ hour) experience when we bought our last used car from a traditional dealership, so Paramount was a welcome relief. We bought a 2013 Leaf and a 2013 Ford C-Max Hybrid, great deals on both. 

Peter was welcoming and was never aggressive or pushy, even after we test drove 3 cars on day 1 and still couldn't decide. We told him we needed more time and would be back the next day. He probably thought we would never come back, but we did and are extremely happy with our choices. 

If you are in the market for a quality used car and are tired of searching craigslist/autotrader/carmax for a good deal to come by, give Paramount a chance, you will not be disappointed!

Bought my first car from this dealership.  I went there based on the high quality inventory, good pricing, and excellent yelp reviews, and was not disappointed.  

This is a laid back experience, with no pressure and no haggling.  If any thing you have to ask for attention, which is something that I much prefer.  I was told the car was in excellent condition, and following the purchase took it to a mechanic to check out. It was in fantastic condition.  Highly recommend getting your car from Paramount.

I was shopping for a used Nissan Leaf. 

I was delighted.

They know about Leafs and electric cars in general. They will share battery information with you and go into great detail about how to compare Leaf levels and vintages.

Something I especially liked: Their cars are clean and don't stink of nasty cleaners.

They were straight shooters, it literally took me 10 minutes to purchase the car once I decided to buy.

My husband and I have bought many cars over the years.  Buying at Northwest Motors NW was by far the easiest and most pleasant experience of any one of car purchases. We got a great car (still under factory warranty) for a great price.   The dealership does not pressure you to buy and we greatly appreciated that.  We had test driven the car and completed the purchase (including applying for and being approved financing) in under 2 hours.  We highly recommend Paramount Motors NW and will certainly tell all our friends and co-workers about them.

I had done my research and had some classic 'used car dealership' experiences. I arrived at Paramount and met Robert. It was great to be treated in a professional and courteous manner. I was introduced to Tucker - then I was shown the appropriate inventory. I was offered the corrct trade in for my old vehicle and given clear and detailed quotes for the vehicles in which was interested. 

I returned the next day, completed an easy purchase on my new vehicle, including a great extended warranty.

I am so happy that I visited. Robert and Tucker; thanks so much!

After a bad experience at another dealer Paramount really came through and helped me out of a bad situation.  Thanks guys for the extreme customer service.  Robert and Peter provide the best car buying experience one could ask for.  

Their inventory was spotless and I would have expected to pay more considering how snazzy the showroom is.  The best part is no pushy sales or finance guys.   5 stars all the way guys.  

THANK YOU!

Just purchased a vehicle here. I have never had such a pleasant experience buying a car as I did here. If you are tired of feeling as though you have been slimed, screwed, and taken advantage of by car salesmen, this is the place to go.

I bought my first car, a Nissan LEAF, from Paramount on 3/5/16. The overall experience was pleasant, relaxed, and positive. I dealt directly with the owner Mr. Benson who was gracious, thoughtful and well informed about the LEAF, and answered all my questions. I am VERY happy with the car. However, I do recommend everyone pull a safety report using the VIN# at http://www.safercar.gov/. I purchased my car knowing it had a manufacturer's recall that needs to be addressed. The prices at PMNW are well within KBB range, are clean, and overall good quality. I felt I was given a fair trade on my beat up Volkswagen. I sat in several of the cars before choosing one to drive and take home. The credit application may take time. We had to wait an hour for the bank to approve us, so try to get there early if you know what you want. I was told by friends and family that many dealers do not take debit cards because it costs the dealer a fee so I came prepared with a checkbook but PMNW was able to take my card no problem. If you are interested in a LEAF, they have a large stock here to choose from. I highly recommend a 2013 or newer as major changes happened to the LEAF this model year. I purchased an SV without the premium package (no surround sound BOSE system or backup camera) and I am thrilled to have it. I am telling my friends who are on the market for BMW/Mercedes to consider Paramount. I know I will choose them for my next new-to-me electric car in the future!

I walked in yesterday to look at 500e. I arrived at 4PM, test drove the car and walked out buying it all within less than 1 hour. Never before had I ever had such an amazing car buying experience. I loved the straight talk on car, what's included and price. I wish my other car purchas experiences were similar to this. If you are in market for a car I will highly recommend Paramount, I am definitely going to check it out when I am in market next.

I was just as surprised as everyone else who wrote reviews, because this is such an unsuspecting locale for a car dealership, but I have to say that this was an extremely pleasant car-buying experience. I knew exactly what I was looking for, and what I found here came in between $5-7K less than I was able to find anywhere else.  Peter was great; no hassles, pressure, strong-arm tactics - nothing!  The inventory that I saw seemed to be on the higher end of the spectrum, but the prices all appeared to be well within reason, so I'd highly recommend Paramount Motors NW to anyone!

I just relocated to Seattle and Heidi helped me to get the car I wanted!
Even though it was a rare car for North America, she managed to get it in the colour I was looking for! Before contacting Heidi (who was recommended to me by a friend), I searched for the car myself in many dealers from the WA state and couldn't find it and spend many hours with them.
She also assisted me with all the paperwork and didn't have to worry about anything at all. Unless you like to go to dealerships to play their game and spend many hours/days looking for the car you want (with maybe just a slightly better discount - which I didn't manage to get myself to be honest), I'd definitively go with Heidi, she is AMAZING!

Amazing experience.  My husband has worked with Heidi to get 3 cars over the past decade (He's one of those guys who likes to always have a new or new-ish car).  Our experience has always been great. Last week my car died in a billowing cloud of smoke and flame and I needed to find something fast. Not only did Heidi help me narrow down my criteria to the most important things to meet my stated budget, she found exactly what I wanted quickly and saved me a fortune over the sticker price, dealer invoice, and even the deal I would have gotten through Microsoft.  Can't recommend Amazing Autowoman enough!

This lady is phenomenal! As you glance at the 5 star reviews, I don't need to write another 300 words to describe how incredible she was. When people work tremendously hard to help, you just know.

I mean, at this point you're reading all these 5 star reviews and thinking "OK, so she's got a bit of a cult following. But why should I fork over an extra fee to have someone else buy a car for me?"

Well, let me tell you.

My wife and I went car shopping over the course of 2 weekends. 6 Dealerships in total, 8 different cars, and 4 horrible experiences. I don't want to haggle, I don't want to be sold all these extra options. I'm forking over 20k+ for a car, why are you trying to haggle an extra $500 from me? Overall, we probably spent around 30 hours over those 2 weekends driving around, and finally decided to just say "**** it" and not get a new car, because the process is awful.

Then I heard about Heidi.

Let me tell you, this woman is the bomb.com. If Amazon sold cars, this is how it would be. I called her up and told her I was looking for a fully loaded 2017 Subaru Forestor in red, a pretty hard car to find. In 3 days, she found one in Denver and had it shipped to Seattle. In 7 days, she had a copy of a FANTASTIC lease set up for me, and a great deal on a trade-in for my car. In 10 days, she met me at a convenient location and I gave her my trade-in, and drove home a brand new car. Now you're asking "But $375 fee? That's crazy!" Is it? First off, she saved me that much and more by taking care of all the lease fine print for me, god bless her. On top of that, instead of spending another 30 hours car shopping, in just a few e-mails and phone calls, I was all set up. So yea, I will gladly pay $375 any day to get 2 weekends of my life back. 

This is the future of car buying and Heidi is leading the charge!!!

Heidi's service is extremely professional and convenient. I happened to buy two cars, one through Heidi and one on my own. 
If you are good at negotiating and have the time and inclination for it, you may be able to find a slightly better price on your own. Heidi would get you a price that is pretty close to the best you can get without having to negotiate and compare, without dealing with aggressive salesmen, without spending hours in the dealership and without having to fend off service you don't need. Just pick the car you want and let Heidi do the rest. You will get the car delivered to you. 100% reliable and trustworthy.

The EASIEST way to buy a car. Heidi is so knowledgeable in her field, quick to respond, efficient and easy to work with.  There is no reason to go to a dealership and deal with that hassle and headache. 
Call or email Heidi - she WILL take care of you!

Amazing is the correct word to describe the service that Heidi provides!

I purchased a new vehicle through Heidi and the process was simple, quick and very efficient with no hassle. It was just what I was looking for and more.

Do you dread the idea of spending hours at dealerships and haggling with the sales people about the price of the car or maybe you just don't have the time to run from dealership to dealership?  You don't have to , contact Heidi and she will do everything for you! She found the exact car that I was looking for with the features that I had hoped for!

Heidi is extremely professional, responds to email quickly and just a general all-around nice person to do business with! I highly recommend her and I will be using her service in the future and recommending friends to contact the "amazing" auto woman!

Thanks Heidi and my car is fantastic!

We just purchased a new 2016 Honda Pilot through Heidi. What a great experience! Prior to contacting Heidi, we tried for several months to purchase this vehicle from two different Honda dealers (Marysville and Everett). The dealers seemed to have little interest in returning calls, providing consistent information or frankly in making a sale. After multiple bizarre interactions with Honda salespeople we were ready to give up and buy a Toyota Highlander (our second choice). 

Then a friend told us about Heidi. I'll admit I was a bit suspicious about the whole process as it seemed too easy. But I did some background checking and Heidi is legit. She has a great online and personal reputation. Heidi acts as a buyer's agent and it's nice to have someone on your side. No dealing with slimy dealers. 

Here's how it works: For our transaction, I simply told Heidi the exact car I wanted (model trim, options and color). She hunted around with her dealer contacts and gave me the best price she could find. If you agree on the price, she begins the paperwork and sets up a date for delivery of the vehicle to you. No contract to sign and you don't pay any money to anyone until she shows up to your home/work with the car you requested. You look over the car, make sure everything is correct and then sign the paperwork. You then write a check to Heidi for her fee and a second check to the dealer for the car.  Done. Absolutely painless. 

Heidi does not work on commission and charges a very reasonable flat rate for her services. She has no incentive to entice you to buy "more".  The car price was exactly in line with what I expected based on research. She was able to get us 20% off of the options when compared to the prices discussed with dealers. This savings alone more than paid for her fee.

Heidi also helped us reduce some of the purchase costs. We originally requested a dealer towing package. Heidi did some research and suggested the dealers charge too much for this option and we should instead purchase the car and then have an aftermarket towing package for $400 less. Same quality.

Finally, Heidi helped us with trading in our current vehicle as part of the transaction. I did my research and she definitely obtained a good price for the trade-in. This was all wrapped seamlessly into the paperwork and again it was painless and quick.

It was enormously refreshing to have someone watching out for my interests in this process. We have been telling all of our friends about Heidi and it's funny how no one can believe that buying a car is that simple. The question should really be why have dealers made it so difficult to buy a car? Heidi is personable and professional. She communicates well by phone and email. She got us the car we wanted at a great price. I will definitely use her services again.

Heidi really is the amazing Autowoman! Helpful, friendly, thorough and precise.  She made the much dreaded necessity of buying a new car a painless process.  I spoke to her on Friday, by Tuesday I was driving my new Prius.  Love Heidi, love my car@

Heidi is actually "amazing" just like her company name says! You list what you want in a car, and Heidi will find it. She is also super responsive and quick to find answers to any questions that you have about the buying process. I would 100% recommend her! And, because you are working with a broker, you will get discounts on your purchase and avoid the hassle at the dealership.

Although I did not buy a car from Heidi, my experience was nothing short of spectacular! She was very helpful and knowledgeable.

I have never worked with broker before but this was a great experience.  I went to Heidi pretty much knowing what I wanted but not wanting to deal with the hassle of going to different dealers and trying to negotiate price.  

The process was straightforward and I worked with Heidi over a few months to secure the car I wanted which took some time because we went with a 2017 model and there weren't any in the country when we started the search.  

Communication with Heidi can be a bit sporadic but she's responsive when needed and at the end of the day everything came together, I've got a great car and I would do it again in a heartbeat!

I have worked with Heidi for the last 3 car purchases. She makes it easy and painless; and ALWAYS saves you money. She truly is the "amazing autowoman"!

Heidi is sweet and amazing. I was looking for a mid-size SUV and I had a tight budget and did not know what to get (Honda CR-V, Kia Sorento, Chevy Equinox, or ....!!??) there are so many brands and models.  Heidi understood my situation and recommended the Toyota RAV4 since it will fit my needs and budget and surely it did. 

I do agree that Heidi is so busy at times but she will get back to you and take care of you.

And yes she can be rough at times, but that's good because she is straight forward and doesn't hide anything from you.

I can't be happier with my new car

Heidi is a true Auto Amazing Woman

I totally recommend it very one working with her

You're probably reading this review because you're shopping for a car, and maybe you're even like me in that you feel compelled to research all of your options before making any decisions. If you ARE like me, you know that the bigger the decision, the more research you feel like you have to do, and it won't surprise you to read that last year when my husband and I decided to buy a (used) car, I spent over 80 hours researching  to find us just the right car.

I had never heard of Heidi, "The Amazing Autowoman," until I came across her Yelp page and all of its stellar reviews - but I wish a friend or family member had told us about her sooner. In August of this year my husband and I again found ourselves in the position of needing to purchase a car (this time to replace mine instead of his), and this time I had a full time job preventing me from spending weeks researching our options. I found Heidi, and decided to try saying no to my inner control freak for once. I sent my first email to her on a Saturday, letting her know generally which makes/models/years I had in mind and what our budget was. I indicated I'd love to get a new car, but figured we'd have to go with used - since I couldn't find a new one we could afford, not even through the Costco auto program.

On Monday morning - Heidi contacted me to let me know she had found my dream car, brand new, with an outstanding financing offer to boot. All things considered (including Heidi's very reasonable consultation fee), it would cost us over $2K LESS than what we'd expected to spend. This woman has connections! A week later, we had our new car. We did the financing application paperwork using our printer/scanner and over email. Heidi made the whole process very quick and easy, and she was extremely transparent about everything, so I never had any fears about this whole thing being "too good to be true."

I do want to note that there was a small snafu when we noticed that one (truly minor) feature of the car wasn't quite what we'd expected, but Heidi impressed us again here by truly going above and beyond to resolve it for us. The dealership offered to find another car to replace the one we had, but I needed the car to get to and from work, so I didn't want to wait and be car-less for another week. Heidi bent over backward to take care of all negotiations with the dealership for us that same day, and was able to get the price of the car reduced even further to make up for the issue. Now that I've had a few months for all of this to "process" in my mind, I am absolutely satisfied with the way Heidi handled this unexpected situation.

I would not hesitate to use Heidi's services again, and I have already recommended her to friends and family members.

I just had my first experience with leasing a truck with Heidi, and I have to tell you I will NEVER buy or lease a vehicle any other way again.  Heidi took care of every part of the process that I've despised about buying a car.  No negotiation, no sitting for hours filling out paperwork (while feeling like no matter what I do I'm going to overpay) - no "upsells" by the finance manager after the long negotiations with the manager and the manager's manager.

NONE OF THAT!  I knew the options I wanted, and sent them to Heidi.  She found a dealer who gave me a great price and coordinated everything.  Even the application for credit literally took 10 minutes.  It was all done!   I just had to meet, sign the papers, and drive the truck away.

I'm a stickler for great customer service, and Heidi delivered even more than I had hoped.  I recommend Heidi to anyone looking for a painless way to buy or lease a car.    Highly recommended!

Heidi is a truly an amazing auto woman .. Awesome service with door step delivery .. If you are looking at an Amazon equivalent to buying cars look no further just call Heidi .. She is fast , efficient and get's the best deal in town ... Thank you Heidi for your support ,  Rise and Shine ... Keep the infectious smile going :)

Easiest car purchase I've made, thanks to Heidi. She handled the necessary details from start to finish. Amazing!

First let me say that I wish there was a way to give Heidi 10 stars, I really do. 

My husband and I live in a small, mountain community. The terrain here is tough: most automobiles find they have met their match when confronted with the deep snow, rough roads and numerous animals common to our rural environment. For safety's sake we knew we needed to upgrade our '94 4Runner and had spent the good part of a year researching vehicles and saving for our purchase. We were happy to find what we considered the perfect car for us - a true on/off road hybrid from a brand we trusted and in a color we loved - a 2015 Toyota TRD Pro 4Runner in Inferno Red. 

The hard part was over, right? We had saved enough to buy in cash and AGREED on the vehicle we wanted... all we had to do now was buy it...

Oh, no. How innocent we were. Apparently we had landed upon one of the most popular 2015 models. To boot, Toyota had only built 1000 in Inferno Red and were doling them out piece by piece. When calling dealers to see when they might be receiving inventory, we discovered most had pre-sold every single 2015 Toyota 4Runner TRD Pro the manufacturer had allotted them for the entire year. When we were able to find a dealer that was willing to negotiate, the experience was one of the worst we had ever had, so bad that we decided to walk out in the middle of it. 

We thought we were going to have to reevaluate our plan and look for a different option. A friend suggested we contact Heidi before we gave up. We had never used a private auto dealer before and thought only "city folk" used services like that. Boy, were we glad we gave Heidi a call, she is a professional miracle worker!

Heidi is:
HONEST: She told us the truth about everything - from the vehicle cost to the fact that she might not be able to help us. 

PROFESSIONAL: From day one we knew when Heidi said she would call us with info, she would call us. She kept us up to date with everything going on in the negotiations.

CONNECTED: Without Heidi's connections, we would not own the vehicle we had so carefully chosen and saved for.

CARING: Not only did Heidi take care of us, but she made sure that the manufacturer dealer she was working with was cared for as well. She was careful to make sure that the entire deal was a win for both parties.

TRUSTWORTHY: See above. Furthermore, close friends sang her praises. We soon joined in the chorus.

FLEXIBLE: We live far away from the Seattle area. Additionally, the manufacturer dealer we purchased from was also quite far from Seattle. Heidi made sure that the transaction was easy for both of us.

COST EFFECTIVE: In our case, working with Heidi was less costly than working with the previous dealer (the bad experience noted above) would have been.

CALMING: You call Heidi, she gets you the car. Simple. No Excedrin necessary! 

AMAZING!!: We now own a car that - until working with Heidi - was impossible for us to get.

We will never, never negotiate on our own again. Heidi, you have customers for life in us and we will do our best to spread the word! Thank you for helping our family get our hands on a safe, highly visible vehicle that will easily take us through (or over) anything nature throws in our path!

Heidi changes the game when it comes to buying a new car.  I called her on a whim to see if she could help me with a negative equity situation.  She got me an amazing price on a new car and an even more amazing value on my trade.  All without me having to spend a day going back and forth with a salesman and haggling.  She made the transaction super easy and I couldn't be happier!

Next time I buy a car, she'll be the first one I call.

Wait...I'm about to write a five star review about...buying a car!? Absolutely!! 

I have purchased at least 10 cars in the past. Some used, some new, some from dealerships, owners, brokers etc. I never look forward to the 'game' and spend way too much time researching cars and price range and what I expect vs. what is reasonable, affordable, a good deal and on and on... 

This is my first purchase at Elliott Bay Auto Brokers and will not be my last. This is why; high quality inventory with full auto history available in minutes on every car. No pressure and self paced viewing of all inventory. Easy and honest comparisons even between the same make, model and year on top end vehicles. Many choices within solid price ranges. Fast transactions once you make a decision. 

David Wolf is an expert at what he does. Deal with cars. I am happy we connected and extremely happy, for the first time, about purchasing our next driving machine. Rose made signing the papers quick and easy. 

If your looking for a top end automobile with the best car buying experience imaginable, I unequivocally recommend you start with Elliott Bay Auto Brokers. You will see why my search ended there.

It's nuts that I'm giving a five star review for a car dealership because I've never had better than a 2 star experience until now.

I'm so used to the typical delayed process where the dealership plays games to max profit. I honestly would've bought a car sooner if I thought I could do t painlessly.

Finally, my car Nav was too dated and I had to move on. I checked out Elliott Bay from a friends recommendation. The exact car I wanted was in stock and priced better than almost any listing in the country. Seemed too good to be true. I called and requested to hold it. The manager talked for just a minute to make sure I was serious. The call was fast and painless. I kelly blue booked my trade in and asked for the exact medium trade in cost. They agreed as well. Really seemed too good to be true.

The next day, they had the car detailed and ready for my test drive. The drive went well and they had a separate specialist go thru the functions and controls. Their expertise was legit.

Next was financing. This was the only part that took awhile but in all fairness, once we started it was fast so it was just due to the clients ahead of me. If they took 30 minutes instead of the hour plus they took, I would've been in and out with the test drive, options demo, negotiations and financing all within 90 minutes. This is EXACTLY the way it should be if someone knows what they want. 

Vera was my salesperson and she was great. They have a customer for life :)

Olivia helped me out and the service was incredible and no pressure at all. Olivia helped me find the perfect car and I will definitely come back.

Sales Dan Lee helps me with my car purchase. He is very helpful and makes the transaction very smooth. Really appreciated that and will work with EBA again in the future.

Just traded in our C300 for an X5. Great website with all the info, very upfront about cost of cars and trades before you even test drive. I paid exactly what I expected to and got exactly to the dollar what I thought I would on my C300 trade. Samantha was awesome to work with. The process was very quick, will definitely go back to them in the future for the next car purchase. Thanks Samantha!

After a weekend of test driving a plethora of vehicles, and going from car dealer to car dealer...we were over the moon excited about working with Daniel L. and David in finance!  They made the experience and excitement of buying or new BMW so much easier and fun. 
We highly recommend these two gentlemen to help make ones lots to signing experience flawless and a pleasure. 

Thank you guys!!!!!

Dan Lee and Kelli Daniels are the definition of superior customer service. I am usually one to buy from private owners because, as most people know, dealers can be a nightmare to deal with. However one of their cars caught my eye so I decided to check it out. The staff at Elliot Bay Auto are so kind and warm, and worked with me to get the best deal and rates. I can't stress enough how happy I am to have been able to work with Dan and Kelli. Highly recommend!

Most people might be discouraged to buy a new car, let alone a luxury car. There is always this negative attitude about dealerships and car salesmen that can make the experience daunting for newer car buyers. For myself, it was my second time looking at BMWs and I was not disappointed. The prices here are the lowest within 100 miles and I am not exaggerating. I went in with a couple cars in mind and was greeted by a gentleman named Pat Wiseman. He proceeded to get me in the car I wanted to test drive and I walked out in under an hour with a 2014 BMW 428xi. 

My experience was different because Pat was not only friendly but was not aggressive in selling me anything. He simply asked what I was looking for and was honest about the pricing. Their prices are already 4-5K lower than anything within the area so they won't go down on the listed price but you're already getting a car that is fully loaded. The honesty and friendly demeanor of the staff at Elliot Bay Auto Brokers makes me want to come back and recommend them to others. You won't go wrong if you are looking for a car to upgrade to with these guys.

I am the type of person who does extensive research on where I am buying something just as much as what I am buying. My dream car is produced in limited quantity and I had been searching for one that met my stringent specifications for well over 2 years, and was beginning to lose hope. Then on Sunday 10/02/16, I was going through online ads and there it was, my dream car! I had already researched Elliott Bay Auto by reading a number of reviews and speaking to many friends in the automotive industry and the responses were over-all positive. I even knew I wanted to work with Vera Anatoliy before I walked in the door. When I arrived later that day, I walked in, saw Vera, went right up to her and asked her if she was available because I wanted to work with her, and she was happy to help me! I showed her a pic of the car and said I wanted to see it. Vera read me like a book, she saw right away that I knew what I wanted and that I knew a lot about cars in general. She treated me with respect, and allowed me to drive the conversation. Vera did not try to 'sell' to me, or push me towards another vehicle. Vera respected my decisiveness and even appreciated it. In no time I had the keys and was driving home!  I am happy with my experience with Elliott Bay Auto Brokers and with Vera Anatoliy!

We had a great experience last weekend at Elliot Bay Auto Brokers.  We were looking for a replacement car after our Audi A6 was totaled and had no idea in which direction we wanted to go.  Carlos helped us out and was AWESOME! He has a great personality, and extremely knowledgeable, extremely patient and we never felt pressured by him.  He listened to us and gave suggestions based off of what we were saying. We ended up with a car that we would have never normally considered, but we absolutely LOVE it and couldn't be happier!  Thank you, Carlos! 

We also worked with both Dave and Scott in Finance and they were stellar.  We were waiting for a check from our insurance company and they were able to help us work around that and get the necessary paperwork in order.  

We were recommended to EBAB by friends and now I know why!  Normally I view car shopping as a pain, but with EBAB it was an easy, enjoyable process

I had a very good experience here. The people are very friendly and their inventory is second to none. I bought a 2014 BMW 535d fully loaded. They sold it to me for $2,000  under market value. So when they say that they have the best price in town, they are telling the truth. I would spend the extra money to buy the resistall paint protection coating. It made my car look fantastic. I also bought the four year 100,000 mile warranty.  Great buying experience, great car, great service.

I highly recommend EBA to anyone looking to purchase a car. Dan Lee, my sales guy was very friendly, non-pressuring and made the process as quick, easy and painless as possible. All my questions, needs and requests were answered and addressed and I was out the door in under 3 hours with my beautiful dream car. I walked away knowing i was getting a very fair deal with an honest staff. Thank you EBA and Dan Lee, as well as Matthew Beagley, the Product Specialist who helped me set up my phone and went over all the features my vehicle has to offer. Also thank you to the loan officer who was also very pleasurable to work with.

I unexpectedly had to buy a car and was not looking forward to the normal car buying experience of wheeling and dealing and getting pressured to buy. Luckily, I experienced none of that at Elliott Bay Auto Brokers. In fact, I really couldn't be happier with my experience. 

I came in after seeing a car online I wanted to look at. I worked with David Wolf and was really impressed with his knowledge of cars and help through the entire process (this was the first car I had bought on my own). He answered all of my questions and helped speed the car-buying process along without making me feel pressured. I was also impressed that they had Matthew Beagley to show me how everything on my new car worked. Financing and the paperwork was as easy as could be. I am super happy with my new car and have been spreading the word about my experience. Thanks!

First time buying a car.  Other dealers were pushy or completely dismissive. Carlos at EBAB was really knowledgeable and easy to work with. I looked around for a long time at several dealers in the area. EBAB has the best selection of used BMW in the area, and their prices are on par or lower than everyone else I saw. They even offered to fix a scratch I did not see after purchasing the car. Very happy with my experience.

Highly recommend them if you're looking to purchase. They make it easy.  I worked with David Wolfe and he was great. I started the process in February. I was looking for a specific make and model of car.  David followed up with me everything couple months or so and finally a car that matched my description came in.  The car wasn't being marketed yet, so I had first dibs.  It had way more miles than I was hoping for, but I couldn't pass up my dream car.  Asking price was reasonable and market. 

I did have an error light come on a day after I purchased the car as-is, but they took care of it. Working with David was a pleasure. Trying to get the error fixed was more of a hassle than I would have liked, but when David was in the office I was always taken care of. The only knock was their service manager Waide.  He was rude and not understanding. I won't knock a full star for grumpy pants Waide, but he truly needs to work on his communication skills if he is going to be a manager speaking directly to clients.

My wife and I purchased a 2014 BMW X5 from EBAB last week and I am very happy with the experience. Russell J. was very helpful and super easy to work with. From the moment I inquired about the car (via email) to when we drove it off the lot - everything went smoothly. No surprises. No pressure. Great selection of quality cars. Great website to browse inventory.

If you are in the market for used BMW, Mercedes, or similar car - do yourself a favor and call EBAB.

I hate, loath, DETEST buying cars. It has been over a decade since I stepped onto a lot for that reason. Old men ignoring my female opinions, asking where my husband is and if my Dad is on hand to "get down to business" (eye roll), hard sell haggling tactics, yelling, bullying, bold faced lying - I have seen it ALL.

I had been researching Mustangs for over 6 months. Knew the year, model and price I wanted. Stepped on the Auto Quest lot and held my breath - I. WAS. SHOCKED. 

I am still waiting to wake up. No hard sells, no over zealous energy, no sexist behavior at ALL. They simply asked what I wanted and to let them know if I needed anything. Took the car for a lengthy test drive by my self. Brought it back: no tactics, no BS - I had to ask Dominique if we could get down to business! 

He gave me a very fair price. We went over what the financing and payments would be.  When I went in for financing it was within pennies of what Dominique quoted me.
I was in and out in under and hour. Truly, the quickest, most painless and even pleasant car buying experience of my life. 

Dominique and his staff are great; low key, respectful and dare I say of a car dealership: genuine.

It ticks me off when people review places they have never actually done business with. Sorry if you didn't get a call back within 15 mins or someone didn't kiss your a$$ when your tone got negative. I assure you, these guys are legit - they have my business for life. 

For the first time in my life I am as happy with the service I received as I am with my amazing new sexy wheels. 

Thanks guys!
-Gina & Joe

10/10 car buying experience. My wife and I are expecting our first child in July, and we decided on a newer Mercedes GL-SERIES SUV. We experienced that pictures (and salesmen) can be very deceiving, and that is where Auto Quest stood apart from the rest, and also where our hunt for the perfect vehicle ended. 

Zac greeted us just before closing, was very transparent about the vehicle, vehicle history, and knew everything about this model - which is very comforting because often we know more about the car than the salesman it seems.

After a few thorough walk arounds and test drives, we were able to make a deal we were both happy with and he was able to get us an excellent interest rate through one of their in-house financing lenders. My pregnant wife was very happy, and that's the bottom line for me.

As soon as you enter the showroom here, you will see that the caliber of vehicles is very high, and they have customer service to match. We will be customers for life, thank you Zac, Brandon, and the Auto Quest team!

 -Rick and Tiffany

We came down to test drive an Audi that we saw online and the process of checking out the car and taking it for a spin was super laid back. The space is awesome. It feels a little James-Bond-in-an-airplane-hanger-ish with the massive square footage and the beautiful, high-end vehicles. There were even snacks and water. In a corner there were video games for our kids to play. When we weren't 100% sold on the car we came to check out, we were free to roam around and see what we could see. The salespeople were friendly and answered any questions we had. We felt absolutely no pressure. We ended up buying a car from a private buyer but if we were in the market we would come back here again without hesitation.

It was my first time buying a car. I'm glad we went to Auto Quest. We just bought a Lexus CT F-Sport yesterday from this amazing place with excellent salesmen. There were soda, water, and granola bars at the waiting area with tons of magazines to look at. Zac was very friendly, we went here last week to test drive the car & he pulled up the Lexus right away for us to check it out. We decided to think about it for a week & by the end of the week we've come to realize that we really loved the car. Brandon & Dominic were very outgoing people that helped us yesterday. All of our questions & concerns were answered. Closing the deal only took about 20 minutes! We're so happy we decided to buy a car from them. I'd recommend this place to my family & friends.

Have purchased two vehicles here. Both times was (surprising for a car dealership) an enjoyable experience!! Will return for my future vehicles!!

A buying experience unlike any other. Being younger, pulled up in a Subaru, wearing a mechanics shirt, I figured I would be treated as if I could not afford a Maserati or I was there to drive nice cars. Not at all what happened. I was greeted, told where the car was, said keys were in it and ask if I needed anything. Complete trust. From there on out dealing with Dominic and Brandon was like talking to a friend. They were honest and fair and I am pleased with my purchase. Will return for future purchases. Thanks guys!

I've been putting off buying a car for so long because I dislike how pushy salesmen at car dealerships are. I found a great deal on a car online at Auto Quest and Zac (the GM) made the buying process so fast, easy and enjoyable. I loved how straight-forward and honest he was in answering all of my questions. I felt like he had my best interest in mind during the entire process. Again, very different from what I would expect at a typical dealership.

Apart from working with Zac, I found the other staff members at Auto Quest great to work with. The other guys were willing to help me with more questions I had and the service department was just as helpful!

Bottom line is if you want an easy process for purchasing a car at a great price, I would definitely go with Auto Quest. My next car will most likely be purchased from here as well based on excellence service I received. I've owned my new-to-me car for just four days now and love it so much!

After a frustrating several weeks of car shopping we were pleasantly surprised by our experience at Auto Quest. There are essentially a no-dicker sticker type of place with very fair pricing on their cars and not full of stereotypical high pressure used car salespeople. These are a bunch of car guys and are unlike any of the dealerships I had previously been to. They had an Audi Q5 S-line that was priced very competitively and it had the bigger motor and one of the colors we were looking for.

Michael was the person that we first interfaced with and he was very friendly and helped us find the vehicle I was there to look at. We photocopied the license and he gave us the keys and told us to take our time on the test drive. I think we had been to all of the worst case scenario dealerships prior to this one and I feel bad I was a little bit unfriendly after the test drive when it came down to sitting down in their office. They were very nice and sensed I was coming in there frustrated and were able to turn it around so I was in a better mood. Kudos to them for doing that. I was at wits ends with car shopping.

Dominic is their finance guy and he was very easy to work with. He said we could be in and out of finance in 15 minutes but we ended up taking well over an hour because we were chatting it up so much. He is a car guy like me so it was like talking to one of my friends. I had been pre-qualified and we compared rates with what he had available and he beat the rate I had been quoted from BECU. He says he works hard to hunt down good rates for Auto Quest and it showed. Finance was very smooth and easy through them and very surprised at their rates.

There was one small door ding on the vehicle and they just had me bring the car back at a later date to have their guy fix it and it turned out flawless. I was worried because it was on the rear fender where the contour changed but their guy got it perfect. 

Don't ever go to Larson Audi.

My husband and I recently decided to upgrade to a Prius because of our longer commute to work. I was surprised to find that even though Auto Quest is a luxury dealership they still have a large selection of modest cars as well. 

When I came in, everyone was extremely kind and welcoming. I worked with Dominic, even though he couldn't help me right away he offered me snacks and refreshments they had for their quests, in the waiting room. Their waiting room experience was pleasant, they have a big flat screen tv comfy couch and endless magazines. Other sales men walked by and greeted the guests in the lobby, adding to the welcomed experience. 

When Dominic was ready for me he made me feel like I was his only priority, he listened attentively to the things I wanted and my requirements for our future car. He let me test drive the Prius that they had available, Dominic explained me to how to use all the gadgets, what all the buttons meant and helped me along this new driving process. I loved this car right off the bat! Not to mention it was a great price! He definitely didn't push me to make any decisions right away, there wasn't a sleazy car salesman feel at all. 

I thought about it for a few days and decided I wanted to buy it! Dominic made the process so easy on my part! He had all the paperwork ready when I got there to trade in my old car and finance the new car, he explained to me what I was signing and all I had to do was sign the dotted line, no extra paperwork for me, he did it all! 

I had noticed a few smudges with the carpet and he had his guy clean the car inside and give it another bath before I left with it. It even had a full tank when I left! 

I told him I really wanted tinted windows and he made this process easy too! I called in the following week to make an appointment, was able to drop it off, get a loaner from them and pick it up same day. I was very pleased with the convenience for everything!   

I have already given Dominic's contact info at Auto Quest to several friends who are also looking to buy a car. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!

I had a great experience purchasing my BMW 335D from Zac and Dominic. After relocating to San Diego from Seattle  I quickly  realized that my previous car (V8 4runner) was not cut out for my work commute.

The 335d's are not common in the U.S and I ended up locating one at Auto Quest which was  competitively  priced compared to other dealers.

After speaking with Zac, he reassured me that the condition of the vehicle was flawless and went ahead and moved forward with the paperwork, financing, and shipping to San Diego. I ended up trading in my 4runner and received KBB value for it which I was happy about.

I received my 335d within a few days and the condition was nicer than what I had anticipated and the vehicle operated perfectly. The transaction was smooth and I would definitely purchase my next vehicle from them in the future.

Zac was awesome! No hassle, got the deal done on my lunch break and feel good about the entire process. Also was the best price that I could find. Such a great place!!

I've had three transactions already with Auto Quest, two of them with Zac. Ask for him! He's friendly, accommodating and straight to the point. If you want a fair trade value for your car and be able to choose from a variety of luxury cars to own, go to Auto Quest. Recently traded in my Lexus for a Mercedes Benz CLA. Also, worked with Michelle - she set up bringing my car in at a time that works with my schedule. It was a smooth and organized transaction. I will continue to come here for my car trading needs! I highly recommend Auto Quest to my close friends/family and  also to those who are car shopping!

-Maria

Very happy with my vehicle purchase - bought a C Class Benz in October, and the vehicle has been great so far.  The staff was very courteous and helpful, in fact, they even found me a better rate on my loan, and called me back the day after I purchased the vehicle to update the documents and lock in my lower interest rate.  I look forward to working with Auto Quest in the future, and will recommend them to anyone I know who is in the market for a luxury vehicle at a great price!  Thanks guys.

Thay have the hotlist cats in Seattle down town Seattle I've been by thare a million times slobbering on my self as I look and when o go in and look and I all to some one I'll post more

This was my first car purchase at other than at dealership.  I wasn't sure how this would go.  I don't buy new cars, my previous cars were Certified Pre-Owned.  I am happy with my experience at Auto Quest and they were as good or better in providing a really nice pre-owned vehicle.  Here's how it went:

I found the car on CarGurus and zipped over to Auto Quest.  I met Brandon who put me in the car for a test drive.  The car hadn't been detailed but I knew the car was well equipped.  I drove the car and it was just what I wanted.  Put an non-refundable deposit on the car. 

I followed up with a pre-buy inspection at my regular shop and Auto Quest happily added contingencies to the deposit.  Zac took the ball and put the "clean" deal together.  

All the people at Auto Quest were very personable, Dominic hooked me up with an aftermarket warranty at a good price, Zac worked really hard to make me happy with the deal. 

Zac has been in the business a long time but never gave me the impression I was bothering him with my questions and expectations.  Shane did some tweaking of minor issues on the delivery day while we finished the paperwork.

Thanks to everyone at Auto Quest for doing a good job and getting me a really nice used/pre-owned car!

As a 3rd time repeat customer, once again, my wife & I were not disappointed & we both highly recommend Autoquest. If you're in the market for a "quality", high end vehicle, this dealership is for you. Easiest, pleasant, no hassle buying experience we've ever had, that's why we're repeat buyers.... Ask for Zac when you go to see their inventory, you'll love his friendly, low pressure approach & his knowledge on the inventory on hand, he's #1 in our book!!!

I saw one of their cars online, called for a little more info and when I arrived to check it out it was sitting right out front.  They quickly got the keys and I was able to test drive by myself, something I appreciated right off the bat.  

Every employee there was attentive, courteous and clearly hard working.  They were BUSY and seemed to be handling all their customers with ease - with some repeat customers that they knew by first name (another good sign!).  Zac was easy to work with, no pressure, fair value for my trade in and, from the research I'd been doing in finding a car, had a very competitive asking price PLUS was able to find better financing than my pre-approval.  In finalizing everything, Dom sped through the paperwork process like a pro.  From start to finish I was out the door with my 'new' car in just a couple hours.   I had a follow up visit with them to fix some paint and tint the windows (awesome job on both) - they gave me a loaner and, as another courtesy, Michelle met me to swap cars when the work was complete!

I'd give you 10 stars if I could, have already given you a recommendation and will continue to spread the word!

Very satisfied. Polished and professional service. Great price.  LOVE my RX350!

I bought a very well taken care of Porsche Panamera from Robert and Austin. The guys were straight forward and were table to complete the transaction quickly and efficiently without most of the typical used car sales shenanigans. 

Robert also gave me a fair trade in price for my Infiniti G37 and Andrew secured a pretty low interest rate for financing, which I didn't get even from my own credit union.

I would definitely stop by if you are looking for a hassle free car sale.

Just had an incredible experience with Platinum overall. The vehicle was in excellent condition and Robert was a pleasure to work with throughout the process. Platinum even helped me have the car shipped to California where I live. 5 stars all around, this is where you should buy your next car!

This was by far my best experience I've had buying a car. Robert was very laid back and gave me absolutely no pressure to buy anything. I will be coming back here for my next vehicle no doubt about it. Highly recommend Platinum!!  Stress free no hassles!

My experience at Platinum Wholesale Autos was way better than I could ever imagine.  I got 
a great car at a great price and Robert and Diana were wonderful to me.  What more could I
ask for.  Thanks again, J. B. Roberts, Redmond, Wa.

Robert was so easy to work with. I would rather poke my eyes out than go on a car hunt...and he made the process quick and easy. My husband walked away with a beautiful practically new vehicle. It really impressed me that he said he wouldn't let anyone test drive it yet (2016 Subaru WRX STI) and he valued the car. 

Highly recommend!

Robert is a great guy to do business with. Super friendly, and a straight shooter. Definitely recommend him.

Read other yelp reviews of Platinum Wholesale Autos saying that it's a good shop to sell a car without any extra hassle. And that is totally the case based on my recent experience. I showed up with the car and asked how much they would offer for it. Got a quote I was expecting based on KBB. I was told to come back with the paper work when ready to sell.

Stopped by few weeks later with the paper work, got the same quote, and sold the car. All done in just 15 minutes. Excellent experience!

I have been remiss about writing this review!  Last year,  I purchased my car here...like other reviews say, no pressure sales approach, reasonable prices, the whole experience was pleasant and smooth.  My husband also bought his car here at Platinum  a few months later , same easy transaction.  Both of our cars were good values, we couldn't be more pleased.  

* I would DEFINITELY Purchase here again and highly recommend!!!   

Kudos Platinum!!!!

If I can give these guys more than five stars I would. The experience was amazing we went in there knowing exactly what we wanted and got attended quickly 10 min of being there we had already seen the car and were able to test drive it by ourselves they gave us the key and everything. They were honest about the vehicle and helped us out right away after we took it for a spin. Robert answered all our questions and made our car shopping experience fast and easy Robert and his team were friendly. I would recommend this dealer to anyone!! Thank you Robert for making this a good experience for us without being pushy or pressuring us.

I bought my car here for the price I wanted. I saw an ad on Craigslist for the car and went over to check it out. No one talked my ear off while I was inspecting, the owner just gave me the key and let me look and test drive it (after license & insurance check). I asked him if he would take my all cash offer, he calculated what he would make on the sale and accepted. It was a smooth and quick process.

Being new residents in Seattle, we quickly learned that we no longer needed our beloved 2010 Prius to get around and were wasting money by paying for parking every month. So we came to the decision that we should sell it (yikes!!). We researched its value with Kelley Blue Book, thought about selling on Craigslist, and received quotes from several different dealerships in the city who could only see us at certain times that didn't fit our schedule. It was overwhelming - until we called Platinum. They told us to stop by anytime; their schedule was flexible. We drove to Platinum on a Saturday morning with a number in mind and Robert was incredibly knowledgeable, efficient, and able to meet our number immediately. We had our paperwork finished and left with a check in under 30 minutes. This was a fantastic, easy experience and I encourage anyone who needs to sell their car in the greater Seattle area to visit Platinum Wholesale Autos first!

If you want a no hassle sales approach this is the place to go. I hate going to dealerships because of the high pressure. We saw the car we wanted to look at online so we showed up and they handed over the keys and let us look on our own with no one breathing over our necks. When we were ready to test drive again they let us take off on our own. The car was priced $2000 below value and Robert still knocked another $250 off the price and had us out of there in 20-30 minutes. If you want a no pressure, none nonchalant buying experience Platinum is the place!!

Had a very good experience when buying our new-to-us Rav4 EV.   Let us take it for a couple hours to the mall the plug it in and drive it around a little.  Quick negotiation, got to the bank in time to get the check and in-out in an hour or so. Overall good experience, zero pressure and will highly recommend if someone is looking for a used Tesla, as they have several available.

Professional, Prompt and Painless: The local Tesla dealer pointed me to Robert at Platinum as a good way to sell my SUV. The transaction took about 30 minutes and I deposited the check a few minutes later at a nearby Bank of America. Robert's office is not plush, but I'd rather have a decent deal than a fancy waiting room. 

I was treated well and the whole process was refreshingly straighforward and fair.  Recommended.

I waited to drive my Lexus RX for 1,000 miles before I wrote my review just to make sure the deal I got wasn't too good to be true. It surely wasn't. 

Rob is THE MAN and after visiting many lots and salesmen I was relieved to run into him; relatable, no high pressure sales tactics, and very experienced. He gave me great, honest advice and I truly felt I had the freedom to buy the entire time. 

After I did some research and realized what a good deal he was offering, I called and he agreed to meet me back at the lot even though he had already left for the night. He helped get my credit app turned in at the eleventh hour, let me test drive as long as I wanted, and offered me a killer deal for my trade in because he knew someone that wanted it. He went above and beyond in so many ways, and he didn't need to because that car was certainly going to sell to someone- it didn't have to be me.

In summary, I'm very thankful a friend recommended I buy from Platinum in Bellevue. After so many pushy, phony, and fruitless experiences at other lots I hit the jackpot here with Rob. I got twice the car I thought I'd get for $2,000 under my budget, all while working within my parameters on my schedule with an incredibly genuine seller. 5 stars all day.

The owner is an honest and straightforward guy, gave me a very fair price for my car straight up without any BS I got from other dealers. We strike a deal very quickly and I got the check right away. Highly recommended to check with him first if you are looking to sell your car.

Never bother to review restaurants so this is my first review lol.

Platinum Autos provided us with great service and no BS! We received a fair price and had a fun time chatting cars. We are hoping Robert and his team will find our previous car a good home. 

We would highly recommend this dealership and can see why they have been in business for so long!

I've been shopping around for a used car and looked at a couple at Emerald City Auto.  I haven't yet made a purchase but had to write a "thank you review."  Robert is so knowledgable , easy going, and friendly and he was very generous with his time in helping me figure out the right vehicle for my needs.  He even referred me to another dealer to help me make the best choice.  I look forward to doing business with Robert in the future and would recommend Emerald City Auto to my friends.

This place is awesome! By far the best experience I've ever had buying an automobile. The paperwork was fast, and they didn't try to screw me! Robert was absolutely fantastic. The truck I bought runs great and I love it! Thanks a lot Emerald City Auto. Keep up the good work and I'll see you next time I need a truck!

I've purchased over twenty cars and trucks to date and don't think I've ever left a dealership feeling good about the dealership (even if I know I've gotten a good deal). That changed last week when I purchased a 2010 Chevy Silverado for my small fleet. Emerald City Auto was a unexpected surprise. This place is cramped and a bit quaint, but it was real pleasure doing business with Robert. The purchase was easy, there were no hidden fees, no tempermental antics from the back room finance guy, no snake oil, no calling me "Bud," no okie-doke. I will come here first the next time I need a truck.

I recently bought a truck from these guys. I appreciated their non-pressure sales. I also appreciated that I had to bring my own financing. Paperwork took maybe 15-20 minutes tops. I even got my plates from them in less than a week.

If you want to purchase a mechanically sound used vehicle, I recommend these guys. I bought a 2000 Chevy Silverado 2500 work truck from here for $3000, 3.5 years ago. It's not been a high maintenace vehicle, it's still running strong, an should be for some time. 235,000 miles and counting, 60,000 of them my own. I will buy another rig here, no question about it. This place is reasonably priced too. I would check them out before you buy a used car anywhere else.

What a great experience. Was nervous walking in there, but I was treated with nothing but respect. Robert helped, was friendly, knowledgeable and went the extra mile and even helped do a couple of quick fixes on my old car, free of charge. I had a question about brakes, and expressed my concern so he took the time to take the wheel apart and show me. Totally trusted Rob. Walked away with exactly what I wanted. No pressure either.

I recently purchased a 99 Chevy Blazer from here. The sales guys working are great. Friendly, honest and hassle free, they made buying my first car in years very easy. If you want a good, honest vehicle from good honest people, I highly recommend you do your shopping here. You'll probably get some good stories of old muscle car restorations to if you stick around long enough.

Robert was great to work with. They have a good selection of quality work vehicles to choose from. I will definitely shop there again.

we purchased a service vehicle from Emerald about 18 mos. ago for what I consider a great price. It has served us very well so naturally when it became time to purchase another for our growing company I started my search at Emerald. Robert greeted me on the lot and I was amazed how he remembered everything about our last visit including my first and last name. Once again I was directed to a few perfect choices and a great price was given to me on each. I purchased yet another vehicle without any games or haggling being needed. Time is money so do yourself a favor and start here!

I just bought my first car from Emerald City Auto and it was a great experience from start to finish. Robert was so helpful in general as well as getting us a great price. He went above and beyond what is expected and even changed the battery and other things on the car for us. I am very glad that we picked Emerald City Auto and I will not forget Robert or this place. Definitely 5 stars.

Finally...a car dealer that isn't cheesy, pushy or makes you feel totally uncomfortable! 

Our poor old car died and the repairs were more than the cost of the car, so, after MANY years, we were put in the position of buying a car. We rented a car from Enterprise, to hold us over until we were able to purchase a car. While there, they told my husband that they are also in car sales. They have a no haggle rule and that was music to our ears. Not only that, they show you the Blue Book price & Carfax! 

My husband went over first and told them our budget and several cars were shown to him. They didn't try to squeeze additional money out of us and stuck to the budget we had in mind from the start. He decided on one and I was to go over with him the next day for paperwork and financing. That evening, we decided we'd rather have a gray / silver model instead of the white which he'd selected earlier in the day. He called our sales rep, Sam, & he found the same car, with approximately the same mileage (low) . The car needed to be brought up from Renton and Sam personally went down and got it for us, from Renton! (They are in Shoreline.) 

We showed up for our appointment with Sam and looked over the car he brought up from Renton. It was a winner and we proceeded with our paperwork. Sam was so wonderful. He was personable, talked to us like non-car people (which is what WE personally needed) and he made the car buying experience just awesome. I've never had such a painless car buying deal in my life. Though we've been going the very used car path for many years, buying a 1 year old car was a new thing for us. One great part is that we are covered under a 60,000 mile warranty!

I apologize for not remembering our finance guy's name but he too was awesome. He presented options for extended coverage but we opted out of them all. He was fine with it and didn't try to press us to choose one. He and Sam made this such a pleasant time spent at Enterprise Car Sales.

Thank you so much! We appreciate it so much & are enjoying our new Kia!

This is the second car I've purchased from Enterprise. Budget friendly and I love that they don't have pushy salesman. All the cars they sell are typically never 2-3 years old.
Top of the line cars. I've bought 2 Mazda's here and they have always been great. On both cars I wanted window tinting and they took care of it for me. 
Isaac  and Craig have always been helpful and all the staff there is super nice and helpful. 
I'll never buy another car anywhere else. 
Worth the 45 minute drive to get a new car.

Went to see Sam and Isaac at Enterprise. I had a car in mind and they made it happen. Got me a good deal on financing, made sure I was happy with the car, but most of all were super fun to do business with. I'd definitely refer friends and go back!

I reflexively distrust people who sell cars and I hate haggling, so I hate car shopping, intensely. But our car was recently totaled, so we didn't have a choice.

The Enterprise Car Rental place (who were also great) referred us to Enterprise Car Sales after we got a rental there to hold us over.

Jamie helped us out, and she was great! There was no pressure at all, she completely respected our budget, and even brought a couple cars up from other locations so we could test drive them. And I loved not having to haggle.

The only thing was that after we got home we noticed a chip in the window which had been hidden by the rain. But we called up Enterprise and they arranged to have someone come patch it without giving us the slightest bit of grief over it. The chip then started cracking. Again, no grief, no hassle and they replaced it.

I have, and will continue to recommend this place to anyone looking to buy a car.

Stress-free buying experience. No price haggle, and nobody tried to push me above my budget. The staff was friendly and straightforward, and I ended up with a car that I love! Sam and Richard were great! Would absolutely recommend to friends and family.

We had a great experience at Enterprise Car Sales! We initially met with Sam, who was really friendly and helped us narrow down our search a bit. He was patient and accommodating to my indecisiveness :)

Sam found a car that we thought might work for us that was still in the certification process and requested that it be brought to the shoreline lot when it was completed so that we could see/test drive it. 

In the interim, we visited a Nissan Dealership where we found a vehicle we loved and went through the process to purchase it. In the end, we walked away because we were uncomfortable with the finance offer and with the pressure being put on us from them to make a decision that felt like it was too much/not accurate. 

We returned to Enterprise once the car we wanted to look at was delivered (it came the next day) and to be honest, we went in intending to turn down that car - we were disheartened by the experience at Nissan and were thinking about looking at other (lower budget) options. 

Desiree helped us this time (they work as a team) and was SO amazing! Desiree was incredibly friendly, connected with us on a personal level about our needs, and worked with her finance manager to assure us that the offer given to us by the other dealer seemed "off" to them as well. They dropped the price on the car we were looking at a little, and the financing offer they found was much better than we expected. The finance manager (I think his name was Michael) really tried to find us the best deal and walked us through all of our options. He even offered advice about some different warranty options that was really helpful - he did not pressure us into picking the higher cost one, and in fact helped us understand why that might be a bad decision anyway. 

Desiree spent lots of time explaining the features of the car, the perks of the warranty, how to access the benefits that come with the roadside assistance, etc... She knew the full history of the car and was able to tell us lots of detail about it. We purchased the car, and Desiree spent several more minutes with us before we left making sure we knew what every single button was for, how to open the gas tank, etc... it seems like a silly step, but it really was nice to have someone walk you through all of that instead of having to just figure it out as you go! She made sure all the lights were working, took our photo, and sent us on our way!

We never once felt pressure from anyone at Enterprise or felt like anyone was trying to take advantage in any way. In fact, Enterprise has a 7-day window where you can return the car or switch for another one if you change your mind! There is just a $200 re-stocking fee, but we can return for any reason, so it made us feel good knowing there was not pressure. We do love the car, though, so we won't be returning it, I'm sure :)

We had a great experience and would definitely recommend!

When my trusty old car had finally reached the point of costing more in repairs than it was worth, it was time to think about getting a new-to-me car. We'd heard good things about buying used from rental car companies, and Enterprise had the most convenient sales lot and largest inventory in the Seattle area. We had a great experience buying through them!

Enterprise retires their rental cars after just 2-3 years, so the cars for sale are typically late models with low mileage (mostly in the 30,000 mile range). They've been maintained by Enterprise mechanics during their service and are inspected and certified before being put up for sale. As our sales rep explained to us, only their best cars in the best condition go to their direct sales lots, so while the cars come with a warranty (and are often still under the original manufacturer warranty), hopefully you shouldn't need it. You can expect to see some minor scuffing and wear on the cars, especially the inside, but that's all part of the SAVINGS.

You can start by browsing their inventory online, which is a good way to get a sense of what they offer and the price range. Cars move frequently from one location to another, but within a limited range, you can request that a car be brought to your closest location to test-drive it out. Cars in other states can be ordered, but you'll have to pay a transport fee to get them here. If there's one particular model/color/trim level you have your heart set on, though, they can keep an eye out and notify you when one becomes available. 

Enterprise is a "no-haggle" sales lot, which took a lot of the stress and pressure out of it. During our car shopping, we also visited regular dealerships, and the sexist, sleazy hard-sell approach was so gross that it made Enterprise seem even better by comparison! The price posted on the car is what they charge, minus any trade-in value or other specials, and that's that. I never felt like they were trying to put pressure on us to buy.

Our sales guy was Craig, who was helpful and friendly throughout the sales process and afterward. He cheerfully went on multiple test drives with us, found the model and color we wanted and arranged to have it moved to this location, answered our questions, and helped us track down a replacement accessory when the original was broken. We weren't expecting to actually buy the car on the day we ended up getting it, but Craig was very accommodating, coming in on his day off and staying late to complete the paperwork. Everyone we dealt with at Enterprise was friendly and helpful during the multiple times we visited while buying our car. We've been happy with our purchase since driving it home several months ago!

I've always liked Enterprise for car rentals, and the process of buying a used car from them was as painless and straightforward as you could want. If you're looking for a late-model car and want to save some serious cash by getting a pre-owned vehicle, check out Enterprise's sales lot!

We looked on line and found a car at Enterprise in Shoreline that we liked.  When we got there, the car was in the lot, and was exactly as advertised.  Jamie came out to talk to us.  She brought the keys right out, got us all set up for a test drive, and was pleasant and easy to talk to.  It was the perfect car for us, and the buying experience was great!  No pressure, no hassles, no manipulation, no lies, and no problems.  Isaac did the paperwork, and he was professional and courteous and made the process effortless and smooth.  We have purchased many vehicles in our lives, and have hated pretty much every buying experience.  What a breath of fresh air to buy a car from Enterprise!  They do it right.  Thank you, Jamie and Isaac!  You rock!

Sam Liu did a great job helping us find the right car. He suggested a car they had just received and made the entire process very easy. We will definitely go back to Sam for our next car. This level of professionalism and attentive service should change anyone's opinion about  stereotypical car sales people! Thanks for everything Sam. You're the best!!

The best car buying experience ever. Jamie went above and beyond to help us find a car that we were looking for. She was extremely helpful and patient through the whole process. I highly recommend Enterprise Car Sales if you are in the market to buy a car. They have a great selection of cars and very professional and helpful stuff.

I recently got into a bad accident, totaled my new car and for some reason didn't have gap insurance. So, here I am, car less, unsure of my next steps, and I get a call from Desiree at Enterprise Car Sales. She told me a little about the process over the phone and shortly after, I drove my rental down to their lot. I sat down with Desiree, told her my situation and she listened. We took a couple cars out for a spin and I decided on one. She and her team were so friendly, professional and accommodating. I highly recommend anyone in the market for a car, for whatever your situation is, to come down there and check it out. Thank you guys so much for taking the time with me and making the whole process as painless as possible! Many, many thanks!

AWESOME service GREAT staff and gave me an awesome car upgrade. Defiantly will use this place again! Top notch rental spot.

Can't recommend this place enough!! Quick, easy and pleasant! These guys do all the work for you, Desiree kept myself and my husband entertained and helped us pick out the perfect car for us. Isaac found us a great rate for a loan and explained all of our options. Sam was very friendly and informative. Can't wait to come back to trade in our other car!! Oh- and we got the best deal on our car ever-hassle and haggle free!! Thank you all so much!!!

I worked with Richard, and Jamie, and let me just say-- it was a great experience.
They were both SO friendly, and accommodating. My situation was a bit unique in that they had to do a special order for my car, and as such it took what seemed like FOREVER to get my car back from the shop (1 week). I was frustrated. I needed a car. So, I threw a tantrum like a 5 year old. BUT Jamie and Richard never wavered. They understood my tantrum, offered me a $200 gas card as solace for the wait.

The whole purchasing process itself was so easy, and quick- I definitely did not need to open up a whole day to purchase my car..
At first, I thought it was too good to be true-- they must be shady or something. But everything was PERFECT- Even the Carfax-- they provided that for me too.

Overall, I can't say enough good things about this place and the people I worked with. It was SUCH a pleasure- and I appreciated them every step of the way.

Way to go Jamie and Richard!!! I hope you get some sort of bonus or something!!!!!!  :) Two thumbs up!

I bought my first car from Enterprise Car Sales in Shoreline yesterday and couldn't be happier! There was no haggling, no pushing, just a laid back excellent experience working with Craig Bigby. I bought a Chevrolet Spark from them and it is precisely what I wanted for a price that I couldn't find elsewhere. I was filled with trepidation at the idea of buying my own car but this experience was painless, chill, and lots of fun! I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a new car who hates the confrontational experiences had at other car sales businesses! Don't hesitate to check them out!

These guys made it easy! I didn't feel like I was being bamboozled. It was a bit of an emotional purchase for me as well, so I was a bit freaked out. I had started saving and looking for new cars about 2 years ago. My brother had been helping me research and was going to help me make my final decision this July. Unfortunately, he passed from pancreatic cancer before our yearly visit this summer. 

I know that I was probably just fragile, but I felt other dealerships were either trying to rip me off, not taking me seriously or outright ignoring me. 

I worked with several gentleman at this dealership and they all put me at ease. They were all polite and helpful. 

There was an issue that the cargo cover that was in the vehicle didn't actually fit/belong in this this model. I know it was a small feature, but it was important to me because of my profession. They looked around for one for me, but after a month or so just ordered one for me. It is perfect! I feel much more confident now when having to travel. 

There is still one little issue that makes no sense. It seems that somehow the car was lightly misted with a white paint? Maybe wax? It does come off...but after rainfall or a car wash it somehow drips down onto the rubber or plastic parts. It is mostly mildly annoying. If I use a cleaner or wax it will come off...but it just keeps coming back. I have no idea what it is. So I would give 2 stars for this...

....but since they get about 7 stars for customer service...that ends up being about 5 stars right? 

Anyway, you should buy your car from these guys. They'll treat you right.

Just purchased a nissan here and cant recommend this location enough. Richard was so great helping me get financing, find the car (and even the color) i wanted, and explaining options. He was so helpful without being pushy. This was seriously the easiest and best experience i have ever had purchasing a vehicle.

Samuel was very helpful and made the process very easy and fast.

Will definitely come back here for all my car rental needs.

The first car that I purchased was from Carsmart. It was a 2002 Mitsubishi Lancer - the price was very competitive. I was in college so didn't have much money, and Jeff gave me an amazing deal on a 1) cute car that was also 2) safe to drive and 3) affordable (these were my three needs). The car had absolutely zero issues after purchasing, except the usual maintenance (oil changes, battery changes).

I also purchased my second car from Carsmart - it is the car that I currently drive and it is a 2004 Honda Civic Coupe LX. The car is in great condition, and I've been driving it smoothly for a year. When browsing for my second car,  Jeff  talked me out of buying a more expensive Volkswagen and recommended a cheaper Honda - they are not in it for the money. He wanted to ensure I made a wise auto investment that would last me long term with little issues. 

I am pleased with the customer service here. The owner and manager are honest, friendly, and genuinely care for the safety and satisfaction of their customers. They will be upfront and honest if they feel a car is not a good fit. I will probably buy my third car from here because my last two successful purchases make me feel like I can trust them.

Carsmart has about 40 hand picked cars from $1,200 to $10,000 or so, and yes, even the cheap cars run good (although they may not be the prettiest flower in the garden), all the cars will do what they are supposed to do without ego--get you to work and back without any problems.  They even fixed a small dent (my fault) for free while I waited, and I never even asked them.

If you can't handle car payments, buy  a good used car from Carsmart and own it, like I did.  You'll thank yourself later.  Any minor problems that creep up, they will fix for you.  And they also have a carfax for every car they sell.  That's why they're still in business.  Top recommendation.

We purchased a 2002 Honda Civic EX coupe for my daughter who is going to school in Seattle. We didn't see the car and purchased it based off what we saw on the website and what Jeff told us from our phone conversations. Jeff was honest, true to his word, and respectful. He understood what a commitment it was for us to purchase a car sight unseen. He made our daughter feel very comfortable considering she has never had to test drive or purchase a car on her own. He was also straightforward and telling us what he thought was a good choice for her. He also worked with us to ensure that the car that we purchased was within our budget and that our daughter felt comfortable driving it. Many thanks to you Jeff and your team for making this purchase painless!

Good experience! Just bought a pontiac vibe. Both Jeff's were polite and low key, no hard sell. I shopped two other vibes on Lake City Way and got the politician style glad handing and  condescending talk. Carsmart asking price was in line with indexes, and was able to negotiate a discount that basically paid for tax, license and document fees. I don't anticipate buying another car anytime soon, but I would totally go here again.

I,ve purchased 3 vehicles from Jeff over the last 10 years. 2 trucks and a sedan ranging from $800 to just over a $3500. Each car I drove for years and sold each vehicle for what I paid. That tells me the cars were all in great shape for the price I paid and each transaction was a mutually beneficial negotiation and deal for both parties. This is how business should be, fair pricing for quality products. Transactions were easy and information provided for each car I considered was honest and up front. They listen to what I wanted and gave me good information about the options about the inventory they had on hand. I tell everyone I know looking to buy a used car about Carsmart.

I had a great experience at Carsmart. Jeff was very laid back and took pains not to rush me or put me on the spot as I hemmed and hawed - he did not try to steer me to a more expensive choice and gave me the space decide on what I wanted. The selection here goes from $2500 to $15,000 and there is a decent selection of a variety of types of vehicles for a smallish lot. I ended up with a great deal (they were flexible on the price) and my mechanic gave my choice a clean bill of health.  They patiently explained every charge and gave me a total out of pocket costs ahead of time - NO last minute "gotcha's".  I would not hesitate to send any friend or family member here.

I stopped at Carsmart based on the two previous yelp reviews.  They didn't have the type of car that I was looking for, but I'm glad I made it my first stop.  Jeff was exceptionally friendly, relaxed, and helpful.  If buying a used car again, I would certainly make a point to visit Carsmart again.

Used cars are used cars but if you need to staunch the bleeding use Carsmart. The first thing you will notice is a small lot but it is always full. The sign will always have a witty musing or saying. It is in a brick building with a french restaurant fresco on the top window. But besides the external the salesmen are very helpful. They are very direct but also accommodating they ran the Carfax and will not force a sale on the spot. I waited a week before returning and choose the car I wanted. He sold it as-is but not more then a week later I found a problem with the shifter. I went back in and asked if he knew a trick to fix it and he went ahead and set up a appointment at Micheal's auto body in Northgate. He went ahead and payed for the whole $200 repair which was amazing cause he had knocked $400 for being a neighbour off on the initial sales tag. He was such a big help that I went out and looked for a good bottle of wine to show my appreciation.

Let me just saw that it is rare to find a used car dealer that has an almost perfect rating. If you're looking for a used car, Bill Smith is the best. 

My husband and I were in the market for a used Subaru Outback. We probably test drive about 15 different cars from many different dealers and private sellers. We met Bill when we visited Drive Auto Center to test drive an older Outback which we didn't end up buying. We felt so comfortable working with Bill that we told him exactly what we were looking for. We both came away from that first test drive saying 'I really want to buy a car from him.'

He kept an eye out for us and was really diligent about communicating. A few weeks later, we came in, test drove and bought a 2010 Outback. We love it! We even took it car camping for my birthday. Thanks to Bill and his team for truly going above and beyond to help make the car buying experience not only manageable but actually enjoyable.

The guys at Drive Auto Center are awesome! They are respectful,  honest, prompt and made the process  purchasing a car as a single woman a dream come true. 
I couldn't be happier with my fully loaded 2010 Subaru Outback. 
Even better I know I can trust their mechanics when maintenance and work to need to get done.

Friendly, Honest, Fair, and World-class service!!

I cannot sign enough praise for the world class customer service I recently received from Bill and his team at Drive Auto Center, again. This is the 3rd vehicle that my family has purchase from this wonderful establishment. This was a 2008 Toyota Four Runner for my nephew Jeff. As usual, all paperwork was available for inspection including Carfax & Auto Check. A copy of the original inspection that they did upon obtaining the vehicle and the paperwork showing the work done to correct a couple of minor items. Bill arranged very favorable financing and of course the rig was meticulously detailed when we picked it up.

Thanks again Bill!!

Spending a Saturday with my friend perusing used car lots was actually a good time!  My car knowledge is limited and my need for a new ride is non-existent, but some times it's fun to look at pretty things and pretend that I understand the "car guy" language.

Drive Auto Center is a bit off the beaten path, but what a find!  The dealership is stacked with a wide range of affordable vehicles and their inventory changes regularly, as they move cars out and bring new cars in.  I learned a lot about them when I was there and was treated well by their easy-going and attentive staff.  All combined, there is over 100 years' worth of industry experience between the four employees I met!  Dan, Bill, and the brothers (Jeromie and Justin) were all happy to see us when we arrived and were quick to offer us drinks and snacks (the key to my heart).  We were even greeted by the company mascot, an energetic Golden Retriever named Kona.

I like knowing where to go when I need auto buying assistance and I believe the staff at Drive would be available to me with whatever questions I have whenever I have them.

Check out their website for on-site deals and financing options.

Bought a Honda pilot from drive auto in Oct 2016. The whole buying process was fast and easy and all the staff were friendly.  I would definitely go back and buy again from them in the future!

Great experience.  Bill is the best.  Really works with you to make sure you get exactly what you're looking for.

Amazing!!!  I have never purchased a vehicle so easily.  I have also never been to a dealership that is so transparent. These guys are honest, friendly people. Definitely not the typical "car salesman". I will buy all my cars here from now on.

This will be our first stop for the next vehicle we purchase.  We were also referred by a friend in the auto insurance business who had bought a car here and said we will find people with integrity and no pressure.  We stopped in weekly until our insurance settlement claim was paid, had specific needs and were probably overly selective, and test drove several cars before we had the money to get one.  Another friend who is a dealer had nothing comparable in inventory, so he said if it checks out, go for it!  We checked other places that were referred to us as well, but none had a vehicle that met our needs within our price limitations of the insurance settlement.  

When we made our selection, our mechanic checked it all out and verified with 2 sources that the price was within range.  We didn't get a "steal," but we got a fair price and after-purchase support for any changes or upgrades we decide to get.  We provided a list of half a dozen items that they began to check while we were signing papers, including fixing a loose handle.  The purchasing drill was refreshingly quick and organized, which we appreciated.  Any items they don't do there, they gave us referrals for.  We'll be back when we're ready to replace our next vehicle!

Best service ever! A used car dealership that offers services like a new car dealership. They got me taken care of in a day and offered to maintain my car anytime. Very nice people who are no pressure oriented and truly care for their customers experience. Thanks Justin, Dan, and Jeromie for all of your help!!

I've had the pleasure of buying 2 cars from Bill at Drive Auto. Every step of the process was HONEST and above board! After buying the first car I didn't even consider going to another dealer. Both cars were bought for my daughters so that should say everything about the level of trust I place in Bill and Drive Auto. I will definitely be back when it's time to buy the next vehicle. You guys ROCK!!!

My wife and I bought a Minivan from these guys almost 8 months ago. I was very pleased with the service at the time. My wife is very particular and these guys were able to make her happy and feel good about the purchase. We have two kids and negotiating while your 8 and 3 year old are running around inside the office can be difficult. Another employee noticed the dynamic and was able to help get the kids settled so mommy and daddy could get down to business.  We drove a hard bargain and negotiated a great price. I was really happy walking out of there that day. 

The real reason I am writing this review is because of the after purchase service. We bought the extended warranty. As I noted my wife is very particular. She has brought the car in a few times to have various things looked at. These guys have been amazing. Both Bill and Dan have been incredible and 100% committed to keeping us happy after the deal closed. This is what really sold me on this dealership and I will definitely be looking here first when my aging Ford Focus finally gives up the ghost. 

In summary...give these guys a shot. If my experience is any indicator you won't be disappointed with the experience.

My wife and I purchased a PT Cruiser from the owner of this establishment several years ago.  We only recently sold it after racking up almost 70K virtually trouble-fee miles.  The buying experience was professional and completely painless.  But, perhaps most importantly, they backed up the sale.  When the A/C failed within a month of purchase, they promptly brought it back to proper working order and gave us a loaner to use in the interim.  I really can't say enough about Bill and the whole crew.

Dan and Bill are two awesome guys. I just traded in the vehicle I bought there 5 years ago. I thought it was basically worth scrap value but the guys were very fair in my trade in and made it possible to get the car I actually wanted. Not just settle for what I thought I could afford. I ended up in a new 4Runner which was awesome. These guys truly are no pressure sales guys. Very friendly and gave me a good deal all around. When this vehicle needs to be replaced I will definitely be back. Thanks again!

-drive auto center customer for life.

I had a wonderful and whimsical experience at Drive Auto Center. My car broke down a couple days ago and I've been looking pretty hard for a CRV. I got dropped off at 405 motors (across from Drive Motors) and struck out. I started walking pretty hopelessly to no where as I was hoping to buy a car and drive it away from the dealer. I ran into Drive Auto Center on my walk and decided to meander. Justin came out, introduced himself then gave me time to look around on my own. I test drove 2 cars by myself (which was a really great way to get the real feel for a car) and decided on a Subaru Forester. It was pretty late at this point so we weren't going to hear back from the bank that night. Justin and the owner Dan let me take the car home for the night! That's what really sold me! On top of that, the whole team is fun, knowledgable and they made an otherwise overwhelming and daughting experience pretty enjoyable. I feel like I can drive up and just chit-chat with any of them! Thanks guys, love my new Sub-ee!

We recently got a new car for my daughter's upcoming move away to college in the fall. They have a great selection of cars with good value pricing...we worked with Marty who could not have been more pleasant or helpful. I would buy from them again.

These guys are awesome. I purchased an Infiniti  g35 about 5 months ago and still running late me the day I bought it. They have low prices and willing to point out any flaws that they see in the car your checking out. Also was financed over the weekend and to my surprise I got a call Monday from them and they found a way better deal from credit union that had a lower interest rate. They are great honest people and have referred several people there.

This was my first time buying a car and decided to come here for a few reasons. During my online shopping they had the best reviews and a few cars that fit what I was looking for (bonus it was close to where I live). I did message a few places and this place was not only the quickest to respond but also very friendly. 
For anyone interested going here, if you go on Sunday then be sure to have an appointment. That's when we went and boy was I glad we had an appointment.
They made the whole process quick and painless, even took care of the title which saved me a trip to the DMV. Getting a loan through them was not only convent but a better rate than my own bank offers. A fantastic place to by a car~! I would highly suggest this place to anyone looking.
The staff is very friendly and helpful with no pressure to buy and overall very accommodating.

If I could give this place more than 5 stars, i would. i had bought the car a week ago, and it ran perfectly fine. until one night the car had completely died and only the alarm was going off. Next morning, i had called them and when i explained my situation, they immediately sent someone out to help me fix my car. Now it runs better than ever. I cannot explain how thankful i was for how calm they were and how helpful they were. I would recommend this place over anyone else. They are so incredibly kind honest people. This is the first car i've ever owned and i'm glad i came to them!

Never bought a car that had a car note attached. I have always paid outright, but I was looking for something newer for my husband that was affordable and that would last a while. They were so wonderful, treating my children so kindly, really eager to help, and best of all, got me a really great deal. I could say a million wonderful things about this place, but go there for yourself and find out. Their customer service speaks for itself. And no doubt I'll be back!!!

This is a great lot guys! The staff is cheerful and friendly and always right there to help with your every need! The cars are in great shape and you will get excellent service every time you go there! Skip the new car lot and come here bc you will get more bang for your buck every time!

Cinder. I just bought a Kia and I loved the experience at The Price Is Right car dealer. It was a 1 owner car with all the service records in the glove box. I found this car through Carfax. It was a delight to work with Kisha. She was very laid back and knowledgeable.  When I called the lot, she knew exactly what car I was talking about and had it ready for me to test drive. I highly recommend going to The Price Is Right if you're looking for a used car.

We just purchased our new used car here last night. Kisha was beyond awesome to us. She's so pleasant and helpful. Their variety of cars is great too. Loved it

I was going to buy a car from craigslist but then I saw a nice Chrysler 300 from the price is right I decided to take a look. . The plusses from buying from them. they inspected the car, detailed it, could meet me at the time I needed, evening at the time they closed. They were able to take a credit card so I didn't have to meet someone with lots of cash at night etc. They made the whole experience painless, negotiation was reasonable, handled professionally. I liked dealing with a family business. They hand washed the car to deliver it to us. They took care of the paperwork and we just got the plates in the mail the other day. I enjoyed the entire process. I buy allot of vehicles usually from regular people, but my experience at this dealership will make me consider buying from dealers in the future. I have forgotten the salespersons name but I enjoyed working with him. I would buy another vehicle from them.

I spoke with or met face to face most of the family. Great people with excellent customer service skills. They solved a major problem for me and they didn't have to.
It was a pleasure dealing with them and to talk about the "Old Days" of Baseball.
Highly recommended.

I can't give any more stars. What an additional surprise. I got a check in the mail returning an overcharge in licensing fees. They are honest.

I came by here today and was very impressed with the sweetness and openness. While I didn't find exactly the car I wanted, Kisha was delightful and eager to help me, though not pushy at all. All the cars were priced reasonably and fairly. Highly recommend this place if you're looking to buy a used car without the sketchiness!! :)

I've been meaning to write a review for this place...Kisha is such a sweatheart! I was on the hunt for a particular car when I found it at 2 dealers. I called The Price Is Right and I called the other. It was like night and day. The first I called was extremely rude and informed me that I'd need a certain amount for down payment. (In a tone that suggested "you cant afford it"). I then called Kisha at The Price is right and wow actually a friendly person on the phone interested in helping me. I ended up buying the car there with a larger down payment than the first guy wanted.

 The whole experience was pleasant. When I came to pick up the car there was traffic and I was running late, Kisha waited patiently for me to get there while rearranging her evening plans. As far a quality of car, it did need some (minor) repairs that I took care of immediately and have since had an awesome ride. That portion IMO is our responsibility as a consumer to be thorough and thoughtful of what we purchase, it comes with the whole buying used thing. Very Thankful.

I have bought here my last SUbaru Forester and am very happy with it, except for AC doesn't work still, although they refilled it on the spot while we've waited. I'd like to mention that their customer service was quick, smart and generally pleasant. They've worked with my particular financial situation graciously so, I could drive away in the car I've picked, right there and right then. Car was in immaculate shape (except for AC as I said) and price WAS RIGHT! Cheerio for finally a very decent used-car dealership!

Just finished purchasing my new (used) car from these awesome ppl! Patient, easy to work with and I felt that they were very sincere in helping me find the right car to suit my needs. I will be back when I'm ready to purchase for my son.

My husband and I have been on the hunt for a new car for years. We started thinking more seriously about it this year and went to work. Every dealership was the same. Pushy sales people that used the same lines "I don't care if you buy a car today, I'm not one of those pushy sales people or I don't care how much my boss makes on the car." I cannot tell you how much I loathed the experience of car shopping until I went to Carter. 

Archie was genuinely helpful, respectful and knowledgeable. He was patient when we had questions and gave us valuable information to come to an educated decision on what we were looking for in a car.  There was no dirty feeling after leaving the dealership.

So Archie if you are reading this Ryan and I thank you.

From start to finish The Price is Right is AMAZING! Family owned, trustworthy, dependable, and (wait for it) HONEST...gasp!

My experience with them started by me finding a car online and checking out their Yelp reviews. I called (extremely early in the morning) and the Dad who owns the business called and texted me. I called back and they had the Jetta that we had been scoping out.

The Price is Right was our first stop of the day so obviously we wanted to look around at the surrounding dealers to make sure we weren't missing anything. (WORD TO THE WISE: Don't bother looking elsewhere).

After excruciating hours of checking out other dealerships and hearing lame pitches, looking at terrible selections, and decline after decline of having a mechanic take a peek we returned to The Price is Right to speak with Dustin.

My friend is so happy with her new car and I will tell everyone I know to check them out! They are great and so wonderful to do business with.

Sold a vehicle here, traded in a vehicle, and bought a used vehicle.  One stop place for all your vehicle needs!  Customer service was great.  They will work with you to get you in the right car for the right price.  Does not have that creepy feel I got down the street at another car lot.  Check them out!  Family owned business with a family feel.

My experience with The Price is Right was a 5 star experience! I purchased a 2000 Mazda from them about a year and a half ago. At first, the car had a problem with the belt. They paid for a tow truck to come to my home, pick it up, drive 35 miles to the dealership and they also fixed it for free! They have amazing customer service and will work with just about any situation. I will for sure be a return customer when I start looking for a new car in January!

An excellent experience. We bought a Ford Escape last month and are extremely pleased with it, and more importantly, the customer service. Dustin was professional, up front, honest, and without any pressure to buy. After we signed the papers and drove off the lot, he allowed us to bring it back in a few days later to fine tune what had been overlooked before free of charge. I would buy from him again and I encourage anyone reading this review to check out their lot.

These guys worked so hard to get me in my dream car for a amazing price. I've gotten so many compliments on my dodge challenger. I will definitely be coming back and sending people here. 

Thanks You!

Great dealership that really knows enthusiast cars. Picked up a super clean 2001 BMW M5 here at a great price after months of searching. They put in a tonne of maintenance on the vehicle from major items like the clutch and brakes to smaller ones like temperature sensors. 

Max the owner really cares about selling solid cars to happy buyers, something I especially appreciated with a high strung and finicky car like the M5. Great service and peace of mind continues well beyond purchase, he will take care of you and your new car.

Muddari motor sports is offering to fix a problem on the 4runner I bought there. Glad to see that.

Easy going, friendly staff. Helped us out to get a tough vehicle to finance. I most Definitely recommend them.

I have been looking for a Rock Warrior 2010 Toyota Tundra for a while, so when I found on Craigslist, I called up and spoke with Max. He texted me everything I asked for (extremely detailed photos, additional information as requested) , took me very seriously, didn't hassle me, and followed through! He beat the interest rate my bank quoted me at and didn't upsell hard like the other larger chain dealers. 

As soon as I got in Max greeted me and walked me towards the car. There was zero disappointment as he was very detailed and honest about the condition of the car beforehand so there were no surprises when I came in on a weekend.  

Max is an independent car dealer and is passionate about the cars that he sells. He's a true car enthusiast and had a vast product knowledge. I researched everything about the car before deciding what I wanted, he knew it all so it felt like I was talking to someone who knew about cars over someone just trying to sell cars. (Color matched front bumper/grill, black interior, forged wheels, etc) The dealer had a great selection of luxury and performance cars in stock which someday I hope to be able to buy :)

This, by FAR, was the BEST car buying experience I have ever had and changed my perspective of buying from dealers. His prices were better than other private sellers so I'm happy with the value I got and saved me the hassle of dealing with private sellers who were either not responsive or asking more than dealer retail for their trucks. 

Love the detailed communication, value and help you provided to get me the best rate possible.  THANK YOU!

I bought my first car from here and I couldn't have been happier about the whole experience. The owner was helpful and made this stressful process easier to handle! Thank you!

This place is absolutely fantastic! I had some really bad experiences with other car dealers while trying to buy my dream car. I was very fortunate to find Mudarri Motorsports! I got a great deal on a great car! There was no trying to up sale me on this and that or calls saying you better come buy it tonight because I have a guy coming up from Portland to buy it tomorrow. That's what I got from the other dealers. They sold me a great car with no hidden issues and then after it was all paid for they were still there for me to answer every question I had. They have all kinds of connections on where and how to get the best parts or what kind of tires and wheels to get. I came back a few days later to thank them and this guy who works with them came out and he knew everything about my car. He spent like 2 hours with me just telling me what to watch out for and the things I can buy to keep things running perfect for years!! That was really really awesome!! Max the owner is a great person with a great crew and I would send my parents to anyone of them. Thank you so much for all your help guys!

Had a great experience with this shop. He was able to take care of me even though I am out of state. Car was in phenomenal shape and could not be happier. I've found that a lot more people generally only comment on bad situations here on Yelp vs good ones. In regards to car dealerships, this one is great!

Just bought my first new car (after decades of used ones) through Buyer's Advantage. Marcee was professional, thorough, and extremely patient and helpful with two people who were having a hard time deciding. She offered sound advice every step of the way, set up really easy test drives (no pressure from sales people), took the friction out of the process, got lots of add ons for a good price in a solid vehicle. And if it matters to you like it did to me -- she walked me through the basics on the car and helped me link my phone (Cars have changed a lot since '97.) She knows cars, the local dealers, people, and the market. Recommend!

Really great experience working with Marcee on the purchase of my new car.  Very much appreciated her down to earth demeanor and patience walking me through the various aspects of the purchase.  I'd done much of my research prior to contacting her, but it was wonderful to be able to turn it over to her for the location of the model I wanted, and the negotiation with the dealership.  I highly recommend working with her!

I first saw Marcee Hanan of Buyer's Advantage sign about three years ago when I went to her Seattle office building to set up a tattoo parlor client in QuickBooks, review  their business model, and train them how to use their accounting software. 

I thought at the time, "Wow, that's an interesting business idea. We have real estate agents to find us houses and handle the negotiation impartially, why not  the same for cars? (And shuddering thinking of the last time I bought a new car and how emotionally and physically difficult I found it.)"

Then when my lovely 98 Volvo S70 with less than 50K miles on it got totaled, I had to shop for a new car. I had three weeks of rental coverage from evil State Farm which tried to nickel and dime me on what the vehicle was worth. I had to submit the matter for arbitration. The arbitrator hired by the company agreed with me that my clean well maintained vehicle with all service records was worth twice what State Farm was offering. Which meant that I had more money to shop with. But that's another review.

I knew that I had a choice in terms of shopping for a car. 

I could do it myself and shop (till I dropped) on the Internet until 2 am, get a Consumer Reports report, use Costco's or other alleged auto buying programs "to get a deal", or go from  dealer to dealer to get the "best price" while my business suffered from the time I would spend on "the search". Ironically, this is a common issue I deal with with my Quick Books and Quicken clients who tried to set up their books themselves, handle their own bookkeeping, and of course, mucked it up.

But that meant I would have spend a lot of billable time suffering through car dealer hell as I deal with salespersons I wouldn't hire as it was obvious that their only interest was their own and would sell me anything they could make money on as we bargain back and forth ("I have to talk to my boss about  that...") while waiting in an uncomfortable auto dealer showroom dealing with their hard seats, lots of bad coffee, and blaring music (which annoys me as a hard of hearing person, I guess it's the vibrations). And wondering why?

Or I could hire a licensed expert like Marcee Hanan to be my car buyer's agent to do the work for me. Yes, you have to be licensed to do the professional  work she does.

Marcee and I chatted on the phone. We first talked about what kind of cars I had owned in the past (basic Chevette 2 Dr, VW Camper, Peugeot 505 4DR, and  Volvo 4DR loaded) had I bought new or used, what I liked about them and didn't, how long I liked to keep my cars, what I could afford, had I prequalified  myself for a loan (yes, I used to be a real estate agent and understood the importance of being prepared) and what I wanted in a replacement.

She mentioned that she works with a couple of local dealers and suggested that I go on some test drives with her contacts and to do my own research as well  (which would also give me some price comparisons). One guy mentioned to me that "she's a tough negotiator and I was lucky to have her representing my interests."

I settled on getting a 2011 Prius IV with the navigation and solar roof package and some other less important features. I liked the mileage issues since I  travel a lot and was tired of wondering when I would pay for the next tank, safety ratings (after my accident, it was on my mind), that the vehicle was slightly less than the same size as the Volvo so I would have more room in my condo's garage, and other features.

Marcee pointed out the advantage of getting the vehicle financed through Toyota at 0% for 36 months which I took them up on versus getting it for 2.9% from BECU or Verity Credit Union and how having an installment loan would benefit my credit score.

Marcee ended up getting the vehicle from another dealer out of state for $496 less than what one Seattle-area dealer offered (still saving me money when I took into account her fee and my time savings), $1825 less than using USAA Buyer's program, and several hundred dollars less than Costco's program (you think you are getting a deal until you add on the dealer's automatic and allowed markup under the program).

She even took a picture of me leaping for joy next to my "new baby" which made its first trip to Portland on one tank of gas recently.

So if you have to buy a car, choose wisely. Choose Marcee. You'll sleep better at night. And most car dealers won't.

My huz & I do not consider ourselves car savvy. We don't really even consider ourselves car buyers. And yet, when the time comes, buy we must. Five years ago a close friend recommended Marcee's Buyer's Advantage to us and we had an excellent experience. But the true test of a great business is consistency. So when the time came to get another vehicle we used Marcee again.

This time it was confirmed. If you want to buy a no hassle, dmv free, car lot free, stress free car, Buyer's Advantage is for you. Marcee knows the process inside and out. She gets us a great deal (trust me on this, I wasted a lot of personal time trying to find a better price) every time. Plus she takes all of the unknowns out of the equation.
I wouldn't hesitate to use her again or to recommend this service to a family member or friend.

Seriously. You need wheels? Go to Buyer's Advantage.

I just bought my third car in 17 years via Buyer's Advantage a couldn't be happier. Not only did Marcee save me at least triple her fee ($400), but the time and irritation too. I so appreciate her friendly professionalism and expertise.
After deciding on a few models to look at (also with some help from Marcee), she setup the test drives so that I could accomplish several in just a couple of days. Once I knew the exact model I wanted, Marcee did all the work: searching for the car, mechanical checkout, negotiating, purchase, license plates - and she handled my trade-in too, getting more for it than I could myself.
Buyer's Advantage makes buying a car super easy and saves extra money that I couldn't have done on my own.

I just had another stress-free and fabulous car-buying experience working with Marcee - owner of Buyer's Advantage.  This is the fourth car I have purchased from Marcee.  I tend to buy used cars and would not consider for a moment not working with Marcee as I have complete trust in her skills, expertise, process and integrity in finding and clearing a car for sale that is safe and reliable.  Marcee makes the process SO easy by taking care of all the details: licenses, tabs, mechanical checks, detailing.  She is a pleasure to work with, pays attention to details, has great follow-up and follow-through. I have referred many friends to her service and all have had a great experience.  Thank you Marcee!  I love my "new" car and you :)

We weren't sure what to expect when we contacted Buyer's Advantage after seeing their office sign, but after conversations on the phone and in person, it was easy to see the value in their services. Marcee asked questions about our needs and budget for a vehicle, and based on the assessment, figured out vehicle year/make/models to investigate. Both new and used vehicles were discussed -- Buyer's Advantage offers both. She also talked with us about dealer versus bank/credit union financing options. Marcee was a great outside opinion that kept me and my partner from getting stuck in decision-making around an expensive purchase. We were impressed with Marcee's communication and knowledge. When we picked up the car we chose at the office in Seward Park, we were walked through all the purchase and licensing paperwork. It was fun working with Marcee!

Marcee recently assisted me with the purchase of a pre-owned Lexus RX 330. She also facilitated the trade-in of my older car. I feel that I received good value, sound advise, and professional service. If you are in the market for a new orused car I recommend you work with Buyers Advantage so you get a high quality vehicle at a fair price while you save time and money.

Need a new car? Want to sell your car?  

  For a small fee that will be nothing compared to the savings you'll get by avoiding a dealership, Marcee Hanan can find you exactly what you are looking for.

Why would you even bother with a dealership?

If only I'd known buying a newer car could be this relaxing and satisfying. What a contrast to the awful, high pressure, rip-off experience we had buying my husband's car at a Japanese dealership a few years ago. 

Marcee from Buyer's Advantage was awesome, and we're going straight to her next time we need another car. She was helpful, patient and a pleasure to work with. And, I am so excited about my spiffy new (to me) Rav4! =D

Women owned and operated.  She'll work to find you a car that you want.

It was so great having Marcee do the dirty work of dealing with car dealers (while i could concentrate on going on vacation). When I got back from vacation, not only did she have the car I wanted at a really good price, but Also kept track of the dealer's changing incentives and got me a lower interest rate when I returned form vacation!

Just wanted to update my review.  We just turned back in your first leased Subaru for our second.  I again worked with David North.  He is great and highly recommended. 

Got the 2018 version of the Forrester.  Carter and David worked with us to make sure that turning our leased car back in early didn't cost us on the new lease and met my numbers.

They know their vehicles and David even remembered some things 2.5 years later about what I like in my cars.  That was nice.  

Love the new car.   Checked all the pricing and we were right at the lowest listed by TrueCar even without negotiating.  Though it's always good to know those numbers.

One Note:  Not sure if it is part of the shipping or service at the dealership.  But I have found now with two cars the tires are delivered over inflated by 6-8 PSI.  So make sure you check your pressure and get it back down close to the factory spec on the door panel.  This will protect your tires.

I had a great experience with my recent purchase of a used Outback from Carter Subaru.  
First off, the sales experience itself was flawless.  No high pressure, no rush, lots of consultation.  And when it came to purchasing / finalizing the loan / etc, they were on top of it.  They even knocked some money off the final price, due to some minor repairs it needed (windshield).  
Next, after the purchase.  So once I pulled the windshield off for a replacement, the windshield technician discovered rust adjacent to the windshield.  This was obviously a shock to me, and I called Carter Subaru to ask about the issue.  They were equally as shocked.  And rather than do nothing (which was completely in their right to do, as I bought the car "as is"), they agreed to cover half the cost of the restoration.  I thought this was a fantastic gesture from a company that clearly cares about their customers, whether they are buying used or new.  The restoration was done properly, which cost about $2000, and was caught at a good time.  And knowing I only I have to pay half made this much more palatable.  
In the end, I felt Carter Subaru acted very honorably.  Discovery of the rust was just one of those things, and was a surprise to everyone.  But rather than a "too bad, you bought it as is", Carter Subaru (Denny Hynes specifically) stood by their vehicle and met me in the middle to get it fixed.  I am walking away with a good feeling on this.  Other than the rust, the car is running very smoothly.  And when it comes time to purchase my next car, I will come to these guys first, because I know, regardless of their obligations, they will stand by their vehicles.

Came here after consulting one of my Subaru friends, because my (only 4 year old) car has been burning oil. Luckily for me, my car's VIN# is associated to having an oil consumption issue. Which for me is good news because any issue with this is covered under their warranty. 
Step one, they gave me a free oil change and I have to go back in 1200 miles to check the oil levels.
So while I waited, I decided I would go to the gym. Carter has a courtesy shuttle and even drove me to the gym!! Also offered to pick me up as well! That is service!!!! 
I trust these guys with my car!! I am now going to be a proud Carter customer, and will now get all my oil changes and services done here!! 
I am a customer for life!!

This is for the service center - 

I had a REMARKABLE experience with the Shoreline Carter Subaru service team team, seriously!! I wish I knew the name of all the folks who helped me, but I only remember the gentleman at the service desk's name, Kelly - he was FABULOUS. Made me feel so much calmer and like the issue with my car was totally going to get taken care of. But even before that an incredibly nice man greeted me at the car and calmly and clearly explained to me what to do (I was kind of freaked about about my car not working) and then a gal helped me check out after the service was done since Kelly was wrapping up with another customer. Every person was just great, and it makes me inclined to get another Subaru just to experience that service again. 

As a bonus, my car was still under warranty and it didn't cost me a penny, and there was no hassle about who was responsible for what - they just took care of it.

I haven't experienced that level of customer care since getting tires at Les Schwab. Keep it up, it was great!

The folks at Carter Subaru in Shoreline are simply amazing. I went in bright and early and was introduced to a Warren. Professional, curteous and such a pleasure to work with. He showed me the lot and we looked at the car I was interested in, even found one in stock, took me over to their second lot so I could see it. 
I then met with Desmond in finance and he made the process of signing such an easy fast experience. I really appreciated all their help! I definitely recommend Carter Subaru!

This review is for both the new car sales and used car sales or more specifically for David North and Wendy Norcross! 

I will start by saying that I've bought 3 cars from David and Wendy already. All three experiences have been beyond phenomenal and I've also recommended everyone of my friends who's looking for a Subaru to go to them. Buying a car from them is like having a visit with friends. I've never felt more comfortable at a car dealership and it's actually been fun having David show me cars.

Buying a car from a dealership can seem like a daunting experience. I've gone into other dealerships with negotiation strategies and how to play the car dealership game with sales people. But after being a customer of Carter's, I can honestly say that David and Wendy both have my interest at heart. 

I've bought a 2014 STI for me, 2015 forester for my mom, and most recently, 2009 used forester. With my most recent purchase, I had been looking for a 09-13 forester for some time and have not been able to find a clean vehicle at my price range. I spend a lot of my time out of the country so it doesn't make sense for me to keep an expensive STI around anymore. A few days after telling David what I was looking for, he emailed me to come into the dealership. He had found exactly what I needed. He didn't try to push me to buy a more expensive car than I need. I drove away with a 09 Forester with all of us smiling. Now this is what I call a car buying experience!

Thanks David & Wendy!

Nick

Car buying process with David North & Ally was incredibly easy.  I began requesting eprice from Cater Subaru.  Soon after, David North from Cater Subaru Shoreline quoted me with price which was lower that what I was expected.  Then, I scheduled an appointment with David for a test drive.  On the appointment date, I met with Ally who is an assistant of David.  She was super friendly and awesome person!  She greeted me and gave me a key to the car I was interested in.  No sales pitch or anything.  She already had the car ready to go and told me I can test the car as long as I want to make sure that's the car I really want to buy.  I have test drove for about 1.5 hr and I have decided to buy the car.  

After I told Ally I would like to buy the car, she started the paper work.  She didn't waste any time to get the paper work and trade in appraisal going.  She did not up sale anything.  I was a little afraid that there could be a bait and switch since I got equote, but the price was as I received from email.  

After the paper work, I have met with Josh from finance.  He was super clear of everything and it was really easy to get the finance.  (I had really bad experience with finance person at Honda dealership in NY before, so it was really refreshing.)

Finally, David did a delivery of my new car.  He was super easy going and very detailed.  He spent about a hour to go over all the car features and went to test drive with me to demo the features of the car aka eye sight.  

Overall, this was the best car buying experience I ever had.  I highly recommend David North and Ally if you are in the market of buying Subaru.  They are the best car sale people I have ever met.  Honest, no pressure and quick.

I worked with David and Wendy in buying my brand new 2016 Impreza. They made this an extremely easy and pleasant new car buying experience. I am looking forward to continue my relationship with Carter Subaru by having my Impreza serviced there. I also want to extend my appreciation to the finance department that made the paper signing process very efficient. During the last few weeks, I have been sharing my great experience and telling my friends and coworkers about you and Carter Subaru's "no-pressure" environment, and referring anyone in the market for a new car to David North!

We just bought a new Outback here, and James Bennett was fantastic to work with. We got referred to him through Costco's auto program (highly recommended), and are glad that we did.

Throughout the process, he was all about helping us get what we were looking for; no pushy sales tactics, always happy to answer questions, always ready with recommendations when needed. I admit that I was briefly a little bit worried when he said that there were no cars available in their system that fit our criteria (due to bad previous experiences I've had with other car dealerships being really pushy about upgrading in the past), but he never once told us that our only option was to get a more expensive car like others have done elsewhere - he simply laid out all available options and timelines for getting what we wanted, let us decide what we wanted to do, and did not try to influence the decision.

Maybe it seems like a silly thing to appreciate, but with all of the hardball tactics employed at other dealerships, this is a huge breath of fresh air.

Thanks, James, for helping us get a great deal on the car we wanted!

Just bought my first brand new car. I'm a used car only guy so it's a big change for me to have a brand new car! 

We had to order the car/suv through the online manager as we were planning on moving to Seattle and didn't want to bring a car (and not physically in the state yet). James Bennett helped us order the 2016 Subaru Crosstrek with our own customization with a great deal. After contacting other area Subarus, we got the best deal by far from Carter Subaru Shoreline without jumping through hoops or haggling. 

Even though we had to order everything through email and phone, we were able to order and receive our new 2016 Crosstrek with all the bells and whistles straight from Japan. Everything was pretty painless (other than for my bank account) and we're happy with the new Crosstrek so far... :)

I have sold and purchased over 5 cars from Brian at CA in Seattle over the years and he is the most honest and reliable person I have ever dealt with. I would not even consider buying a car from another dealer. From Mercedes, Range Rovers, Jeeps and now an Infiniti, each car has been sheer perfection and I still own one of the Mercedes. Brian, knows his cars, expects his cars to be perfect or they aren't going to be bought or sold by him. I have the luxury of living in Seattle so, I have known Brian and his reputation for over 25 years and he is the one elite car dealer in the area. Stellar service, amazing cars and all sold by a person, Brian, who cares about the transaction, his cars, and making the buyer happy! If you like a car of his, buy it fast because his cars do not stay around for long!

In all 5 cars have been purchased from CA. Brian the owner is fair and reliable! Brad has been a pleasure to work with making the purchasing experience very streamlined and easy. Thanks CA for keeping me as a customer...I could've easily bought cars from other dealers but you guys just get it! Thanks!

5 stars for Brad Burns, one of the sales people at Complete Automotive (CA). Very professional, deals with high-quality vehicles, provided full disclosure for all of the items that would need attention, and was very prompt in meeting up with me for my several visits. He had no problem with me taking the vehicle elsewhere for a pre-purchase inspection. CA had the car with everything that I was looking for...'08 BMW M3, hardtop convertible, 6-speed manual, carbon black exterior and bamboo beige interior. He even let me store my own vehicle in their garage overnight because, well, I can't drive 2 cars at the same time. I would buy from them again in a heartbeat.

Complete Automotive came to the rescue and the charge was very fair.

In Seattle from out of town and had an encounter with a large paving stone left in the middle lane of the Viaduct. Long story short, pieces of motor shield dragging under car making terrible racket and now ay to drive 1.5 hours home on Interstate.

Called Complete Automotive and explained predicament and they made room for me within 1/2 hour. A half hour after arrival, problem fixed and bill more than fair. Friendly, professional service. Highly recommended and my sincere thanks to Complete Automotive!

Bought my used 2011 BMW from these guys and it was a very simple experience. If you ask they will tell. Like every car buyer needs to do, inspect the car and ask questions. When I asked they gave me a straight forward truthful answer. No beating around the bush to try and make a sell. They stick to the motto, "If we wouldn't drive it as our own, we wouldn't try to sell it to you." Happy buyer.

I bought a used 2011 BMW Z4 from them about two months ago. Brad is a really nice person and you won't feel like dealing with a dealer but more like a friend. The whole car buying process was fast and smooth. I have a full time job and couldn't really make it during the day. I visited the dealer after 7pm, test drive the car and sign the paper work. He was there helping me until 9:30pm ish to get all the paper work done.  

There was a small issue that I wasn't happy about it but Brad and Brian (the owner) were both nice and willing to help. They will try their best to keep their customers happy. 

Overall I had a great experience with them. They are honest people and I will buy another car from them again

Highly recommend.

Excellent cars for sale by a very friendly, very low pressure father and son team. They carefully price their cars well below the market reflected by Edmunds or Truecar.com. They are creative in taking cars in trade. This is the place to buy a lightly used BMW, Jaguar, Mercedes, Porsche or even a classic car. Trustworthy, fair and obviously happy in their chosen business. I have bought a lot of cars over the years, but was never treated this well before. Finally a place that treats the customer well. Buy with confidence here - you are going to be treated well.

Bryan went above and beyond in helping me with my automotive situation. Long story short I didn't sell my car to him but direct to the Audi dealer - due to his suggestion and what he believed was in my best interest. I found him incredibly responsive, honest, and diligent.

I found Halo Motorsports from a Craigslist ad for my current Hyundai Elantra GT that I purchased through them in November 2016. Joe and James made the whole car buying process very easy and there was no pressure unlike major car dealerships. I liked the fact that Halo is a family-owned business. I highly recommend Halo and would buy future cars from them!

I recently bought a KIA Sorento from Joe, he and his counterpart were wonderful through the whole process! They were every straight forward and professional. They even transferred the title for me! I would recommend them to anyone looking for a good used car.

I found Halo from Yelp due to the high rating and they truly earn the 5 star from my experience. I would Highly recommend Halo to my friends to sell and purchase used car. I recently sold my car to Halo. Both James and Joe are really friendly and honest. James inspected the car throughout to make sure the car is being fair evaluated and quote. You will not get this experience from big dealerships.

My husband and I met James and Halo Motorsports through a craigslist ad for a Nissan LEAF, which is now sitting in our garage.  He was very friendly and fair and honest, our transaction was easy and enjoyable, and we love our new (to us) car.  I told him we'd be back in five years for our next new/used car, and he said, "Why wait five years?  Life is short."  (Smile.)  But I feel sure they will still be in business in five years.  They know how to do it right.

I'd recommend anyone who's looking for affordable and decent used cars to them. It is a very small dealership, but they are very helpful and honest. And the price they set is very reasonable by KBB. I bought a Camry 2015 a month back, and I am very pleased with that purchase experience.

These guys were great in helping me with purchasing my current vehicle that I couldn't be more happy with. They were courteous and very informative, they worked with me to fit my purchasing needs and availability time frame, and provided additioninformation as well as options to the vehicle. I would highly recommend them over any other dealer in the area.

One is always suspicious of a used car dealer but our experience with Halo and James in particular was nothing but outstanding. The car we purchased has performed excellently; no hidden issues. James negotiated in good faith with utmost integrity and honesty. I highly recommend them.

I recently purchased a 2013 BMW from Halo Mortorsports. Working with James and his team to purchase a used car is a breeze. I was referred to them by a friend who had made a prior purchase from them. After an initial introduction with a phone call to discuss what I was looking for, James started sending me pictures of the potential cars that can fit the bill. I would provide him feedback on my thought of the cars. James sometimes would provide his suggestions or opinions on those options but never gets pushy. After a few rounds of back and forth, one day, James came back and told me that he found my dream car. It indeed is. The exact color and model I was looking for plus many bells and whistles. The best part is the price they offered is very reasonable. After test driving the car in the lot, I immediately made the decision for purchase.  The process is very smooth -James and his team really listens to what you are saying and figuring out what you are looking for.  I would definitely go to James and his team again for my next purchase and would highly recommend to anyone who is in the market looking for a used car with hassle free experience.

I would recommend them to all my friends! They picked car for me based on my requirement and in no time I was able to drive the car out of the door. You won't get this kind of buying experience at big dealer stores.

Joe is very nice and he replies to email very quickly! I bought a 2012 27,000 miles Toyota Camry here. The car performed well during my 4 hours trip to Portland. It hasn't had any problem so far, and there is nothing broken in the car. I'm glad that I bought this Camry as my first car.

I had a good experience with buying a car from james at halo,  there was no pressure, the car is nice, the deal was good, james was very responsive throughout the process and was always available for follow ups.  a car dealer with integrity!

I called Moe's to see how much they'd charge to fix a leaking trunk. I spoke w Brad and he said to just bring it by for him to see because he couldn't say over the phone. I bought it by and Brad had AMAZING advice. He suggested how I should fix it and said for me to see if it works. He said no charge and if the fix didn't work to come back and he'd look again. Well, the fix worked!!!!! Brad- thank YOU SO MUCH! I will definitely be back again! Such a great, honest shop!

Moes is great!! I have nothing bad to say about the shop or the guys working there. Moe is honest and the work has always been quality. I recommend this shop! I drive turbo Saab & love my car. I care where it is serviced!

They replaced my exhaust and fixed my window for a fantastic price and both seem to be working great now.

I have been going to Moe's since he has opened and I think it must be about 19 years. Moe has always given me good service. I have more than 130,000 on my car and I can trust him to get it write. In December I needed a new alternator and he put it in. It went bad 3 months later but he replaced it at no charge and had a car for me to drive while he was fixing it. He knows his cars so if you drive a Saab he's the guy to see!

First off let me say I love my Saab, any Saab owner will understand what I mean when I say we do everything we can to maintain and keep our Saabs running well. I have been coming to Moe over a year now and I can't provide enough information of how great he is.  Honest, efficient and fair. Something I have experienced difficultly in finding with many other mechanics.I will never go to another mechanic with my Saab or hopefully ever, and you definitely shouldn't either. Thanks Moe, from one hard working indivudal to another. I am very appreciative.

Great service with my temperamental Saab. My car was only acting up when it was in my hands, and worked fine when it was at any shop. I had it towed to Moe's twice, and both times it would run fine. They were patient and when the car broke down on me a third time, they sent a mechanic to me to see if they could get it running long enough to get it to the shop without a tow. Spent a day on it, fixed it for relatively cheap, and couldn't be more pleasant. If you've got an old Saab and you're in Seattle, I'd definitely recommend Moe.

2002 Saab 9-3

I don't write many reviews but I had to write one for Moe! Very knowledgeable, friendly and fair! Moe is a one of a kind mechanic and the only person I will take my car to now. 

I recommend Moe for any car owner, especially Saab owners! Moe knows Saab's inside and out, I trust his work 100%  

All of these 5 star reviews should relieve any concern you may have. Moe is a beloved auto mechanic, truly a superstar in the business.

The stellar reviews are completely, 100% justified. They gave me exactly the prompt, no-fuss service I needed for a minor car issue.

I called Moe's on my way home from work, at 4:30. (They close at 6pm.) "I've got a 2009 Jetta with a low tire pressure warning and I think it's a puncture," I told them. "When would you be able to check it out?" 

"You can come over now," the guy said.

So I did. I pulled up onto the lot, where a mechanic was under the hood of another car. "You the Volkswagen?" 

He checked it out. Took about five minutes. "You've got a nail in your tire, want me to patch it?" he asked. I said yes. "Ok, it'll be about fifteen minutes."

Ten minutes pass. Moe comes in. "That will be twenty bucks," he says. 

But this is the awesome part - when I ask if he will take a card, he says "That's ok, you can come back." "Do you need my name or number or anything?" I asked. 

"Nope!" Moe said. "Just come back."

Having never lived through the age of courtesy and decency, this was so cool I got goosebumps. They've got a loyal customer now, just for applying a patch.

I have a 23 year old SAAB and thought I would have to get a new car upon moving to Seattle. Thanks to Moe and Kenny, she's in great shape and I'm enjoying her just as much as when I first got her 21 years ago!  These guys deliver happiness and it's fun to see them enjoy what they do.  They are true SAAB tinkerers.  Happy to have found them.

I moved to Seattle in January and after a few weeks without a car, I settled on a decent 2001 SAAB.  I knew going in to the deal, it might need a little TLC and boy, was I right.  The engine light came on (which is common for Saabs, so I learned), the oil was leaking, and that was enough to bring me to Moe.  He needed the car for 2 days, which was nice and short by me, but to my delight, I got a call that all repairs were done after only a day and a half.  When I got there, a technician walked me through all of the repairs they had done and even showed me the parts that were replaced in my car.  I don't "speak car" but I could understand that they replaced and fixed the essentials.  It was going to cost me a pretty penny, but of course these things are worth the peace of mind.

The reason I decided to put up my very first Yelp review on Moe's is because of my second visit.  Several weeks after the initial repair, my car was idling rough - really rough.  People at the stop lights were staring because it seemed like I wanted to race.  It was really embarrassing, and I thought it was bad on my brakes, too, so I took her in.  Moe himself greeted me, popped the hood and fixed the problem in 5 minutes in front of me.  I went to take out my wallet, and he said it's okay.  I gave him a HUGE hug...that made my day!  My Saab will only be seen by Moe's from here on out!

FANTASTIC SERVICE!
As a young female with no car knowledge I always hate going to get my car fixed. I feel like I get taken advantage of and it's frustrating not having any knowledge when I am quoted a price. That being said, I feel very comfortable at Moe's and do not question the price or service. 
Since moving to Seattle I have taken my car here for quite a variety of work. I ended up here after getting a high quote for struts and when I called Moe's he had a much better offer. I do not know how he gets the work done so quickly but I had my car back in no time. 
More recently, after a car breaking down, it ended up at another shop first. That shop quoted a job at $500 and I knew I had to call Moe's immediately. He quoted a much more reasonable price of $350 and I regretting ever having the car at another place. And after I got the car there, I had it by that afternoon. 
I don't know if it can get any better than this.

I've been bringing my Saab's to Moe as far back as '95. He's a trustworthy, honest, hard working man. Sometimes I would cruise by when something funny was going on with my car-he would usually pop out and make an adjustment for me right then and there or tell me (A) its major we need to handle it or (B) its minor, no worries, schedule it soon.  Try getting that level of personal service from a dealership!

I have to agree with all the great reviews.  

I had just purchased my car from someone else, and it was ready for a major tuneup.  I gave Moe a laundry list of things to look at in addition to the tuneup.  After a few hours of shopping in the neighborhood, my car was done, airbags replaced and nearly every item on my "laundry list" items checked off.  I nearly dropped when I saw the bill for all that work. $500 for a MAJOR tuneup, and another $350 to replace the airbags (a savings of about $1000). Even though my estimate was $500+ for this kind of major tuneup, I was expecting to pay a whole lot more because of all the little things I asked him to do.  

There is no upselling, Moe is honest and reasonably priced.  I wouldn't trust my Saab to anyone else!

Moe's Automotive is fantastic.  I had a major car problem after driving from CA to Seattle for Christmas (and waaaaaaayyy beyond).  The Saab 9-5 was belching white smoke and I limped into Moe's on Sunday.  Threw the keys in the door, left a note and a phone message.  It was the Turbo which is a pricy repair.  Moe did it for a very reasonable cost and he did it the next day!  I was impressed with everything about this business.  

He guaranteed his work and since I live out of town said that if something went wrong in the next year he'd buy the part and ship it to wherever I was so that he could stand behind his work.  

Totally agree with the other comments here.  Genius, ethical, honest.  All true.  Oh, and throw in a really nice guy too.  Thank you for being there.

Great service, quick, and not too expensive! I feel I can trust Moe and his work.

I have been going to Moe's now for the past 5 years and have nothing but great things to say.  I'm not a "car person", meaning I can put gas in it and drive it but that's about it.  Finding a mechanic intimidated me, but Moe and his employee (wish I could remember the guy's name...very nice and efficient) have always taken great care of me and my Saab 9-3.  They are friendly, very efficient and incredibly reasonable rate-wise and I trust them wholeheartedly.

I recently moved downtown and will most likely be selling my car soon.  I'm actually going to miss taking it in to Moe!

Tony is your man when you are looking for a used car. He is honest and transparent. He will tell you everything about the car. Very helpful to find the best used car. He is patient when selling you the car and cares a lot about his reputation in the market.

In a world populated by unscrupulous car dealers and obnoxious salespeople...

In the land of Lake City, where Bill Pierre tries to reign supreme...

Comes the tale of one couple's quest for an affordable used Mercedes-Benz sedan...

One man will stand above the rest with his understanding, his clarity, his scruples: Toni, owner of Prudent Autodeals.

No, really: Toni was fantastic.  We were dejectedly driving away from Bill Pierre Ford, where we had a cringeworthy experience with their accounting staff and some shady requests that I lie about my condition in order to get a loan, when I spotted what is now our beautiful Benz, a 2005 C230 Kompressor, sitting in the Prudent lot.  We immediately went in and our negotiations lasted less than 15 minutes.  Of course, the call to the loan people lasted much, much longer, and the whole time Toni patiently waited for us and provided us with every bit of information we needed.  We even got an extra key (he ordered us the fancy new one!) and some touch-up paint for the scratches in the deal, and we walked away with the car of our dreams at the price we wanted.  Toni and Prudent really put a smile on our faces and our butts back on the road.  We appreciate it!

I found my car at Prudent Auto after searching many places in and around Seattle. Toni was very nice and helpful. He approached like a friend, I never felt like he tried to push the car to make a sale. I'd definitely suggest that you check their inventory before buying a car somewhere else.

Not sure what else you could ask for when buying a car so I have to give Prudent Auto 5-stars.  The owner of the dealership, Toni, is a really nice family guy and was honest and fair throughout the buying process.  I don't buy cars often, maybe once every 10-15 years and do so with some trepidation, but Toni was really easy to deal with and helped me out with some issues that I found on the car, and he sold me some extra car parts that I needed at a super great rate.  

I prefer to buy from a small, local dealership and I would buy my next car from Prudent in a heartbeat and would recommend him to my mom.  You can find their car offering on their website so if you are looking for a car give them a try.  

Sincerely, Doug

Tony was wonderful to work with....accommodating and honest. We purchased a first car for our 16 year old....safety was our primary concern. When we found the car had an airbag repair that was needed, Tony agreed to use the repair shop we wanted.....and took care of the repair. We won't hesitate to purchase our cars from him, in the future!

have to agree with every word the last reviewer wrote. i personally know quite a bit about cars yet play a little naive when car shopping to test the honesty and knowledge of the sales person. needless to say and with stunning consistancy, most all are full of shit. once in a while though, you find a guy who knows as much about cars or more and tells it straight. thats tony. his knowledge of his inventory and specs on the vehicles were all accurate and he showed me exactly what the market value of the car i wanted was worth and where his asking price landed with the competition. clearly he does his homework. 
Tony seems like an honest straight shooter and ive had no problems with my bmw 525i

Words can't express!! i just had the best car buying experience. Been in the market for around 2 month looking for a BMW convertible and i know the price range of BMW 428 convertible in the market. 

Amazing people Ed and Andy.. simply awesome .. no pushy tactics...and  customer oriented . 
Out of his experience ,Ed actually recommended i go for 435 instead of 428.. more horse power and more fun to drive and that is exactly what happened and no regrets !! 
At a certain time, he actually did not let me buy a 428 although it was doable.. Ed's way of work and transparency man.. went above my expectations . In his lot, i felt i am talking to a friend not a sales person trying to get my money.. I was surprised , happy and satisfied. 
During the buy phase, he also let me try several cars without hassle until i was sure i want the BMW.

At the end , Ed found my dream car at an unbeatable price, the car was in mint condition! it took 3 weeks but damn it was worth the wait!!  Purchase process was also straightforward.. totally recommend anyone in the car market to check out by superior motors. They are the best!

Top to bottom, best experience I've had with detailing. 

First point, Ed is a great customer-focused individual who put my needs first and my worries to rest. Not only did he promise me a great cleaning for a great price, but he spoke to to me with authority and knowledge of his trade, which truly put me at ease. 

When I returned to pick up my car, it exceeded my expectations. Next time I need a detail or need to sell my car, I'll be calling Ed and the team at Superior Motors.

Ed's an awesome guy and you can tell he puts his heart and soul into his place Superior Motors. He takes a lot of pride in what he's built up and with good reason! If you ask him, I'm sure he'll tell you his story. Pretty incredible especially for a younger guy. 

That's why I'm confident to tell you that if you're in search of a new car or see one from his lot that you might want, don't hesitate to at least go check it out. I was on my way to look at another car but decided to stop by his place and look at a Lexus IS250 that I was interested in. I'm glad I did because I bought it right then there. The transaction was smooth as can be and what impressed me the most was that after he sold it to me, he continued to take care of me and helped me as much as he could through the phone with any questions I had regarding licensing, paperwork, or any concerns I had with the car. He wants/likes things done right and I don't see how anyone can say a single bad thing about him and his company. 

Also, his place does Alloygators! So if you're worried about curb-rashes on your pretty rims, go google what they are and have his place install them for you.

After searching for Honda S2000. My BF found his dream at Superior Motors! With very low miles and his favorite, blue. Ed, is such an awesome guy. He's so friendly and so understanding. If anybody's looking for a car, you should definitely come to Superior Motors.

Long story short- I came in to look at a benz that was advertised as having an extended warranty that came with it. When Ed realized that was not the case, he comped it for me. I was a little bit shocked because I just saved $2700 and no other dealership would have done that. The car still needed some work and he promised he would do it for me (new tires, fix tinted window, patch up hole in leather seat) so when I picked my car back up from getting work done, those things were fixed but it wasn't washed like I was told it would be. And, when I went to get it there were some scratches on the back bumper that weren't there when I dropped it off. I brought it up with Ed & Blake and they immediately took responsibility and told me they would fix it and that they promised it would be washed outside & inside the second time. And it was. There's no way I wouldn't give Ed & Blake 5 stars, although it took a couple times to make things right after I bought the car. But at the end of the day they stuck to their word and were reliable and professional. I worked more with Ed & but my interactions with Blake were great to!! Out of all the dealerships I have been to, they were the most personable, honest, & nice! 
They even gave me this cute congrats paper :)

I had a very good experience at Superior Motors. I am selling my car and I needed a thorough exterior/interior wash. I called Superior Motors and spoke to the owner Ed. He was very nice and even took my car on his day off - on Sunday when most other car washes are closed. 
They did an excellent job! My car looks really good and their prices are very reasonable. Ed is a pleasure to deal with. I recommend this place!

I got my car detailed here as I'm about to sell it... and WOW, these guys did a top notch job. The car looks better than the day I bought it and newer than the one I just bought. Ed even helped me look up prices for what I could sell the car by using some dealer-exclusive tools. This place blew me away with the service and at no point did I feel pressured to buy anything, I'm not even sure they wanted the business, but they have it now. I'll be coming back for sure if its to buy, sell, or just get my newer car back to pristine condition.

Definitely a great experience when I purchased a GT-R from Superior Motors.  Been searching the market for months looking for the one I wanted and they had it.  The car did have some very minor issues but Ed went out of his way and then some to have the issues resolved.  For sure next time I'm in the market for a car I will head to Superior Motors first.  Thanks Ed for going above and beyond, I am a very happy customer.

I really liked the service here. My car was spotless after they washed it. They spent time on each part to make sure it's clean.

Had an excellent experience at Superior Motors, everyone is friendly. Ed gave me a great deal on my purchase and made everything super easy for me. I highly recommend buying here.

This is the second time I bought a car from these guys! One of the best car buying experience I ever had. I would highly recommend them to all of my friends and family. Andy and his team are amazing people. They made the entire experience awesome, unlike other dealerships out there. Never felt any pressure the entire time I was there. Best of all, they gave me a great value on my trade-in. Superior Motors is definitely the place to go for all your car needs.  

Also, these guys offer detailing service and minor cosmetic work at a very reasonable price.

I had an awesome experience and found my dream car-Audi A7. Ed and Andy knows their craft and they're very transparent and that's hard to find in other dealerships. They went above to make sure I was happy with the purchase. Their team also did an amazing job in detailing my car, replacing new tires, tinting the windows and installing Alloygators.

Two thumbs up:)

A friendly and straightforward staff that went above and beyond. Great car buying experience. Even after my purchase, they followed up to make sure everything was ok. Someone backed into my car in a parking lot two weeks after my purchase and they fixed my car free of charge and even provided me with a loaner. Wow! I'm so thankful for these guys and will definitely be sending them my business in the future.

It's crazy to see such a negative review after having nothing but great experiences with superior motors. I met one of the owners, Ed and I got no vibe of misleading recommendations. He even washed my car, free of charge while finishing up another customers paperwork. I left very happy. Defiantly would and will recommend to a friend.

Amazing Detailing experience. I had noticed the high quality of work that was alway leaving this business and thought we'd give them a try after our Eurovan was stolen and we wanted to get it feeling like new ASAP. All I can say, is WOW! From the moment my kids and I went in they were so helpful, attentive and genuine it was so refreshing. They clearly have an eye for detail and went that extra mile to make our beloved Eurovan even better than before. Outstanding quality and customer service. They guys clearly just LOVE cars and that passion really comes across in their level of work.   I cannot recommend them highly enough and so happy to have a such a great business in Eastlake!

Matt & Joelle were awesome salespeople! 

Went in to look at a late model BMW and drove away extremely satisfied.  Great selection of European cars and SUV's at a decent price.

Got into a bit of a jam in the parking lot adjacent to the Auto House. The men were true gentlemen and offered to help as well as give me water and a place to hang out while waiting for the tow truck. Eventually I took them up on their offer - they got me off the embankment and couldn't have been friendlier. Thank you!

Me and my husband had an extremely delightful experience with Bellevue Auto House. Sean who was helping us directly was very friendly and helpful. (No pushy sales) I had a lot of awesome conversation with the rest of the staffs too. We bought a BMW Z4 the next day and we can't be happier with our purchase and decision. They also have a lot of choices in their inventory.

This was by far the best experience I've ever had purchasing a vehicle... Matt, Joelle, and the rest of the team took great care of me from beginning to end! i purchased a Mercedes benz and I'm absolutely, in love!! Thank you so much Bellevue auto house!

Just completed my transaction with Bellevue Auto House and picked up my "new to me" Audi today.  
 
It has been several years since i've had the displeasure of having to buy a car from a dealer (almost 229K miles on my last Audi), and as a sales person (non-related industry) myself, I was anxious to say the least.  Upon my first visit, was greeted by Sean who gladly showed me a couple of vehicles that I was interested in- his style was low key and absolutely NO PRESSURE or slimy sales pitch.  And, as they specialize in German cars, there was ample inventory in the makes and models that I was after, but alas I was "just looking".  

Fast forward a couple of days when I brought the boss/wife back in to take some actual test drives.  Sean was out, but Kimberly was equally as helpful and pleasant as Sean was, and we were off and running, driving 2 of the 3 cars on my list.

The next day I came back to drive the third and make a deal with Sean who was back in the showroom.  The car was priced competitively and honestly got a fair deal on my old trade in.  As we were pre-approved via a third party finance (no dealer finance dance, which seems to bother people the most), the transaction at the dealership was smooth and about as expected (it *never* goes fast) and after a grueling weekend of waiting for funding I rolled off in my new ride today.

From Sean, to Kimberly, to Matt in Finance and Manager/Owner Alan, my experience was everything I did *not* expect it to be:  pleasant, clearly communicated and virtually effortless (aside from exercising my patience waiting for funds).  I would highly recommend this business and Sean in particular.  When my teenager is ready for her first car in the next couple of years, Bellevue Auto House will be my first stop for sure and hopefully Sean can get her into her own Quattro!

We were searching for a 528IX and the only place that had exactly what we we looking for in terms of low miles and factory warranty we found in another state. After some emails we called Bellevue Auto House and spoke with Alan. When our car finally arrived less than three days after the deal it was pristine and better than what we expected. 
It's not ideal to buy online but if we do it again we will call them since it was a painless & fast deal, and luckily for the exact car we hoped to get!

I bought a BMW 328i here 2 month ago. People here are nice, reliable and helpful. I recently had a some paint damage on my  car and Sean helped me out. I would recommend this place.

About six months ago I first visited this dealership. I met Alan, who was very helpful and friendly. Their inventory was amazing. They actually have a better selection of used Audi, BMW, Mercedes and Porsche 's than the respective dealerships. 

I visited the dealership often and got to know the staff and the inventory. Ace is a passionate man and Sean is very knowledgeable. Alfredo is helpful and kind. Finally in January I bought a BMW 528i 2011 from Bellevue Auto House. 

They worked hard to find me the best financing options available to me and offered extended options for my warranty which obviously I purchased. 

I would definitely recommend Bellevue Auto House. They make you feel like family. The next time I am in Bellevue I will definitely stop in just to say hi...and who knows...maybe another car. Thanks

I went to this place a month ago to buy a convertible. They have quite good collection including bmw, benz & porche.

Sean helped me find a car as per my requirement. I drove couple of them and ended up buying bmw 328 conv. I have been driving the car for a month now and havnt got any issued. The car is very neat and well maintained. After my purchase, they  got the car tuned up from bmw service center to make sure everything is good.

As i was financing the car for the first time, i was not getting good apr on the loan because of lack of credit but these guys tried hard and helped me get the lowest interest and maximum loan amount as compared to what others were offering me. Thanks to matt for trying hard.

Overall it was a good experience.

Loved the experience of working with these people.  Danon (Sales Manager) was open and transparent during my car buying process.

He kept his commitments on the price of the car (with no added accessories or other BS), and was aggressive about my trade-in value to close the gap on a quoted price from another dealer.

We did 95% of price negotiation via email.  I walked in at 7:30 PM with my trade-in.  Did a VIN check, gave me a quote and I drove out with a leased HR-V by 9:30 PM.  The longest part of the wait was them prepping the car (it had 6 miles on the odometer and was still mostly wrapped in plastic from shipping).

Highly recommended!


Some history:  I received email quotes from 3 dealers in the greater Seattle area.  Seattle Honda was not the best quote, so I planned to get from Klein Honda.  When I actually went into Klein Honda, they gave me an offer sheet with nearly $1000 in fees and another $1643.00 in "required" accessories (including "paint sealant" and a $349 "dealer prep").  Give me a break!

Even if you initially get a better quote elsewhere, reach out to Danon at Honda of Seattle.  My bet is it will be a better final price and better service.

Great experience!  Worked with Chris K. (sales) and Danon (Sales Manager).  They made sure that I got the Pilot I wanted, in the color, I wanted, and exactly the accessories I wanted.  I loved that all of their vehicles come without accessories and you add what you want/need; not the things they think everyone should have.  Got us the best trade-in they could for my husband's car.  Accessories were installed within days after purchase and service was also great.  My friends are getting tired of hearing what a great experience it was.

My first experience at the Honda Seattle location was a great one. Drove into the service garage and was greeted by Mina, who started off my paperwork, and then was sent inside to Jon. Mina had paused the forms online so Jon was able to immediately start off where Mina had ended. I appreciated the quick and seamless transition. Both guys were super friendly and welcoming. One of the best customer service experiences I've ever had! The waiting room was clean, had complimentary coffee, tea, and muffins, and had plenty of outlets. It was an estimated 2 hour wait, but Honda was quick and ended a half hour early. Jon sent me an email with important information about my vehicle then came to the waiting room to review the diagnostics results on my car. He was very knowledgeable and gladly answered any questions I had. Jon also sent me a follow up email the next day to ensure my experience was a positive one. I'm very happy with my experience and recommend coming to this location.

This dealership did everything possible to make sure I was happy with my car service and detail. They drove me home and because of traffic had Uber being me back when the car was ready which saved me time! My car is running great and looks amazing too!

Russ is the man super friendly best salesman I've dealt with I would advise using him!

James A....made our purchase very MEMORABLE for us as well as for our daughter.....from the details of a  big red bow to video taping her surprised expression...it was definetly PRiCELESS!!!! His patience and assurance was painless yet humbling. simple and easy...and his follow up even after the process was not anticipated...amazing experience!

We purchased a Certified Pre-Owned 2016 Honda HR-V EX Navi from James. I can say, unequivocally, this was the best car-buying experience we've ever had. 

Our journey to Honda of Seattle began earlier in the day in Burien. A dealership there had allowed us to make an appointment to see a car, but when we arrived we were informed the car wasn't there. After trying to upsell us on a more expensive in-house model, we left and headed home. Not wanting to be totally empty-handed, we pulled into Honda of Seattle to see an HR-V. 

Despite the fact that we pulled in after 7pm, James was excited to see us and gave us every bit of time we needed. We'd done our homework, planned this purchase for 6 months, and knew exactly what we wanted. James showed us exactly what we wanted, and spent almost 30 minutes test driving and talking with us about our purchase, our needs, and our experiences with other dealers in the hunt.

We decided to purchase the car, and subsequently watched as every involved staff member stayed almost an hour past closing time to work out the details with us. Andy and Christine made the financial process easy, and the service staff that stayed late to detail the car should be commended as well -- the car was in mint condition when we were handed the keys.

I also have to mention how insanely better the Honda of Seattle service packages are than other dealerships. Granted we purchased a certified vehicle, but we walked out with a 7-year powertrain warranty and 2 years of free oil changes as part of the purchase price. That's a generous extension over the factory warranty and certainly better than most other dealerships we visited.

James followed up with us the next day to deliver our all-weather mats and make sure we were happy. Every employee was engaged and helpful, no one pressured an already weighty process, and as a result we got exactly what we wanted. Exactly how we wanted.

I expect to be Honda of Seattle customers for a long time. Thank you so much, after 6 months of planning this is the best possible outcome we could have gotten!

Confused why you see a bunch of 5 star reviews and a bunch of 1 star reviews? I'll tell you why:

It completely depends on who you get. As a Seattle Honda service customer, the initial service rep I was assigned made me want to run far far away as fast as I could, and I did... but of course I had to come back to pick up my car. Then along came Lee!

There is great customer service, and then there is Lee, a true one-in-a-million person. He made it absolutely clear that I was a valued customer and a priority to him. Even when he had to take care of something else, he would quickly check in to let me know he hadn't forgotten about me. He readily and clearly answered every question and addressed every concern. I merely mentioned having newly registered my car in Washington, and he offered to change my plates. He even saved me a trip to the store when he double-checked my loaner car and found my iPod and auxiliary cord. I could go on.

Lee, thank you!!!

Lee's boss, don't ever lose this guy!!!

Guess what is super stressful... buying a car.  My husband and I have avoided dealerships like the plague because they treat customers like dropping $20k is no big deal.  However, with a baby on the way and needing a 2nd car, we trudged into Honda of Seattle expecting the worst.  I was pleasantly surprised by our sales person, Chris Evans.  He was very easy to deal with and listened to what we wanted.  We were clear about the three Honda CR-V's we were interested in, and he never tried to steer us into something we obviously were not there for.  That was a breath of fresh air in the sales world.  What I most appreciated was that we dealt with Chris from start to finish.  No handing us off to another sales person or a manager, and we didn't have to deal with a financing department and a new face.  From the first handshake to the last, it was all Chris, and we really liked that.

My only qualm, which has nothing to do with Chris, was their no haggle pricing.  While I'm guessing many people see this as a huge advantage, I didn't like the no wiggle room on price.  I feel there is always room for negotiation, and I almost walked away from the CR-V we purchased because of it.  I realize my review will not change how they do business, but it's something to consider if you're eyeing a particular vehicle in stock and are not thrilled with the price.  However, if you hate negotiating during the car buying experience, then it's up your alley.

Russ is an outstanding sales consultant. His knowledge of every functional area of the transaction process made for a seamless, relaxed, and pleasant experience. His professionalism and awesome personality made it a relational exchange, rather than simply a transactional one. My experience with him today will ensure continued patronage with Honda of Seattle. Big thanks to Timur and Andy, as well.

Traded in my 2013 CRV for a 2017 HRV today and had an amazing experience as always! They're very straight forward and service driven.  I worked with Patrick and he made the process incredibly easy.  Danon helped made the process enjoyable and simple as well. Loved his energy!! I will continue to purchase all of my cars at Honda of Seattle in Sodo.

I bought a used Certified Pre-owned 2014 Honda CRV LX from Jonathan Penoyer. I haven't bought a car in 8 years & last time I did, I felt it was stressful since people were pressuring me on buying cars & having to negotiate. But with Jonathan, he was super easy going, genuine guy that doesn't get that stereotype "salesman" & was able to answer all my questions as much as possible. I only had to work with him from the test drive to the price to the financing, didn't talk to a single other person.

I would recommend Honda of Seattle & Jonathan in the future. Overall great experience.

I had a very good experience buying a car. Not hard sell or high pressure. Chris Kummar was the sales person. I was very pleased with his service.

I can't say enough nice things about my experience at Michael's of Bellevue.  I found one of their listings on autotrader, so that's what drew me in initially, but the relaxed atmosphere and no-nonsense sales style are what kept me on the lot.  My salesman was Vasco Rubio.  Vasco was able to quickly get through all of the boilerplate necessary to get me in the seat and test driving the car I came to see, and he let me have as much time and freedom as i needed to evaluate the car... no sales pressure what-so-ever.

In my case, I did indeed like the car and wanted to buy, but I was waiting on an insurance claim to complete so that I could finish the sale.  The finance department was very flexible on this.  They agreed to hold the car for me, and I finished most of the paperwork that day before I left.

Fast forward a week, and the funds were in place via my insurance company.  Vasco wasn't able to meet me in person, but he informed me via email that he had made arrangements for me to be well taken care of.  As soon as I entered the dealership, one of Vasco's colleagues greeted me and got me set up with a finance manager to finish up the sale.  After a brief check signing, he walked me out to the car (which was cleaned, detailed, and fueled) and I was on my way.  Probably the most pleasant car buying experience I've had in a long time.

I would have no problem referring a friend in need of a car to Michael's of Bellevue.

We have now bought 5 cars through the years from Mike Sansone who is nothing short of an outstanding salesperson.  3 used VWs, 1 new Tiguan and just recently a used Subaru Outback.  Normally everyone dreads buying a car from a dealer, but Mike makes it simple, painless, and goes the distance to ensure we are well taken care of.  The dream of any business is to create satisfied customers who then turn into lifelong repeat customers and we are now that all due to Mike.    He is easy going which we love, no pressure, and super knowledgeable and helpful to ensure we got the car we needed.   

I highly highly recommend Mike when buying a car

What a nice experience it was buying a car here.  My sales consultant was Tahir, and we was a pleasure to work with.  He had a very calm demeanor, gave me no pressure, and was not your stereotype car salesperson. I suggest to ask for Tahir.  I feel I got a great deal here and would come back. 

I spotted the car a week or so ago and did a test drive.  While I was looking at my options during the week after the test drive, the dealership left me alone!  I did not get phone calls every day asking if I made a decision and I had to hurry up.  When I told them that I wanted to buy the car a week later and explained my situation, they worked with me and made me feel special.  When I purchased the car yesterday, it was very quick.  No waiting around for the manager to negotiate my deals, and it was painless working with the finance person.  Two thumbs up!

I was in a hurry and I needed a quick oil change and Jimkyle squeezed me right in... awesome customer service. He was polite, friendly, and he understood my situation. You need more employees like him. I usually go to the Kirkland location, but from now on I'll be hitting up this location, just as long as Jimkyle is there to help me. Thank you Jimkyle!!!

I bought a new Forester with Noel Alderman. Great experience, Noel was very knowledgeable and helped us get a great deal on our two trade-ins and the new car. When we picked up the new car it was spotless and he got the scratched door handle replaced.

I had a really enjoyable & easy experience buying my Subaru Outback here. Todd Peltz did a great job! He didn't hover like other salesmen had while I was looking for my next car, but giving me a good amount of info when I had questions. We reached a mutually reasonable price quickly. He was quite efficient with all the paperwork & made sure I had all the right accessories for the car.

Have bought several Subaru's from Noel 
Always hassle free and an enjoyable experience 

Having the largest inventory in the are also helps

Fantastic dealer to work with. Just bought my third car there (two Subaru's, one VW). Negotiated great price via email, very friendly and responsive salesman. Reserved a car in transit and bought it the day it arrived. No hassle, low pressure paperwork. 

Other nice touches: You can test drive cars without a salesman in the car, which is great for concentrating on the car, not salesman chit-chat. Did two test drives and played with Apple CarPlay for 30 mins in the showroom unbothered by anyone.

We purchased a new 2015 Subaru Forester 2.5i Touring today.  Carols Ramos was the sales representative.

Carols did a terrific job helping us finalize our vehicle selection and complete the purchase with no typical "car dealer" pressure at all.  He answered our questions and got us a deal that be the best True Car pricing that I could find.  We were delighted with the speed and quality of the transaction.

I had the best experience leasing the new 2017 Subaru Outback today. We went to another dealership before this one but we were happy we ended up here. Purchasing was painless and we are so happy with our new car. Will definitely return when our lease is up to get another one. Thank you Chaplin Subaru!! Thank you for the superb service Brandon! He even taught my kids algebra while waiting for the paper work.. ^_^

Great service!

Charges were almost half of the estimate.

I just bought my first Subaru @ Michael's Subaru of Bellevue.  Barry Mercer was the nice salesperson that greeted me.  We came in three separate times.  No pressure, no hassle.  Barry was very knowledgeable, friendly and low key.   We came in ready to buy, but he was busy with another customer, so we offered to come back later that day.  While waiting, i did some heavy duty research on the internet regarding various prices.   Here is where this dealership earned their day.   After sitting down, I wrote down a price that was competitive.   Within 5 minutes, we had a deal.  Professional from start to finish.   Barry even followed up a week later to see how we liked the car.   Nice Work Michael's Subaru.

There is just no other place to trust your buying experience. Thank you again to Tim Hunley as we pick up yet another amazing vehicle from Chaplin's. I will always send my friends and family here to Tim. I'm just always in awe of their dedication to each customer, whether buying a brand new car or a previously loved vehicle. Ecery time we arrive we are treated with the utmost respect and Tim would never allow us to leave unsatisfied. (also posted this to their FB page)

This was the best car buying experience my husband and I have ever had in our life! No haggling, honest, upfront, and quality is how I would describe Calidad. A month ago we had to buy a car suddenly since my transmission had gone out in our family car & I was 7 months pregnant! My husband is an attorney and did a thorough search for an affordable large family car that I'd love and found this 2008 Lincoln Navigator at Calidad. Although a bit apprehensive to buy a car at a small dealer in Burien we thought we'd give it a look. The car was in pristine shape and we were provided with the Carfax, which was impeccable. Any little issues with the car they were willing to fix and they let us take the car with a signed inspection clause so we could take it to our own ford certified mechanic (which we did and they didn't find any problems).  There really wasn't any need to haggle with price since it was priced appropriately and when we showed them the blue book quote my husband had we got the price lowered a bit. They even offers us a better APR% than our bank offered! We will definitely buy a car from Calidad again!

This was THE BEST experience that I have had purchasing a vehicle. I feel like they went above and beyond for me in making sure I was happy with my new car. They made the process so simple and Alden even sent ME a thank you! I won't need a car anytime soon so wanted to pass the "good vibe" car dealers on via a review on yelp!

This place was simply amazing. We got a 2009 lexus is250 and we couldn't be any happier. Alden was simply amazing and was very hands on. Most dealerships push and push but it was almost like buying a car from family here. I definitely recommend this lot to everyone. Thank you so much guys for everything. We will be back for our second car. As far as right now we are happy buyers and that never happens I've always had the worst experience at dealerships. Again thank you Calidad you guys are the best.

I had a wonderful experience with Joy & Joe at Calidad autos. 
I traded in my BMW and they were very fair with the trade in credit they offered.

The entire purchasing process was quick and stress free. I didn't feel pressured and absolutely love the Mercedes I ended up with. 

I would highly recommend you consider them for your next car purchase. 
I wish all used car dealers operated with this level of ethics and professionalism. 

Thank you Calidad!!
-Nick

This place is awesome. I don't know what this persons below are talking about but Heidi is just an awesome human being. Jon as well. Everywhere I went they tried to shove a car down my throat, but here they treated me with respect and let me do my thing. Not only did I buy a car from this place but I'll be back for sure. Great place.

Heidi and John are great! I recommend them. They helped us through the process very quickly and efficient.  I highly recommend them.

I bought my 2nd vehicle from here just the other week. A 2013 VW Jetta. My experience both times has been phenomenal. Jon the manager is really nice, informative, and so helpful. He is knowledgable about cars and has great taste in the vehicles he picks up for the lot. They're Not pushy at all either! Heidi is just AMAZING! She does so much to make sure I'm taken care of-from financing to coverage. She's always remembered me and my family and is willing to help us out in anyway. Thank you Heidi and Jon for everything! I definitely recommend them for car shopping. They will be the first place I go to when purchasing another vehicle.

Being a Lake Forest Park resident it is always nice to support your local businesses.  That said, it is even better when your local businesses truly work hard to ensure that they are taking care of their customers and the community.  That is exactly what you will get at Continental Motors.  I have been a loyal customer for many years now and never considering going anywhere else unless it is warranty work through the dealership.  Milan and his team have worked on all of my vehicles from domestic models to Italian exotics and everything in between.  He is always extremely fair and you never feel like you are getting the up sale from these guys.  On more than one occassion he has not charged me for diagnosing simple problems that involved computer resets, light bulb changes, or fuse replacements.  I have turned several people on to using Contininental Motors and they all wind up being customers for the long run.  Milan even is consigning a vehicle for me right now and his fees are extremely reasonable for the service they provide.

I openly recommend Continental Motors without any hesitation or reservation.  Give them a try, you will be a customer for life.

Milan is the best! He is keeping our beloved VW Passat alive and rolling. He insists that there is no need for a new car and we trust him completely! We highly recommend Continental Motors!

I had my 2011 BMW serviced recently.  It was the first service since the warranty/service plan through BMW expired.  Milan is straight forward, honest, and I will not only bring my car back there again, I also have a Range Rover that he did service on.  Very happy!!!

I have been bringing my BMW here for years and have been more than satisfied with the service! They are very knowledgeable, friendly, professional and don't try to up sell me anything. I will only bring my car here because I know they will take care of me and not rip me off.

Milan is amazing! He has worked on every German and American car I have ever owned that needed servicing.  He is fast, friendly, and VERY trustworthy.  Which is extremely difficult to find in the auto repair business.  Very honest and very fair.  He is one of a kind, and if you own any car in need of work I suggest you make your way up and see for yourself what sets him apart from the rest.

Been a faithful customer for many, many years. Won't take my cars anywhere else. Milan is always straight forward and only recommends only the necessary repairs.

Milan is a German auto genius.  He repaired my '84 MB 300TD vacuum system, and my 2004 VW Jetta's  ABS and disc brake assembly, expertly.  Milan earned my car repair trust many times over.

I've been going to the Continental Motors since the early 90s. This family run, father and son business is the BEST foreign auto repair/sales shop around!!! Milan is the BEST!!!! I am impressed by how long they have been doing this and how much experience they have in import cars. The quality of service and repair always exceeds my expectations! They have cared for our Mercedes, Audi and BMW's. They are the first honest and reasonable repair shop I've ever known. They are very reasonably priced, friendly, personable, talented and can be trusted -- something rare in the world of mechanics. We also come to them first when purchasing used cars. If the car I want is not on the lot, they will shop around to find the car I desire within my price range! I found them to be the first repair shop that didn't talk down to me as a woman. I can't recommend them highly enough! I wouldn't get our cars fixed from anywhere else nor would I buy a car from anywhere else!!

Having be visiting my daughter I was fortunate to find by far the best mechanic and customer service I have ever experienced.  The first visit was to replace a clutch in my Toyota 4Runner.  and followed several months later was a repair to my Engine.  The attention and both cost and service is sincerely by far the best mechanic I have ever had,  I highly recommend anyone who needs an Auto Repair shop they can trust and be more than satisfied.

Took my recently purchased 328ix to Mr Dan and he worked the car in same day for an overall inspection. Prompt, straightforward, and told me straight up the exact condition of what he found. Now I have peace of mind and he has a customer for life. Hard to believe the other 2 reviewers who complained had such a poor experience 'cuz Dan's legit and yah, he's a no nonsense, straightforward guy but that's what I want, not some pushy BS artists like the clowns I encountered last time I went to Firestone in Burien.

Dan Dan he's my man, if he can't do it no one can. Ohh I just love community automotive! Seriously I've had a lot of cars and I've never had a mechanic I've trusted more! I moved fairly far north and I still drove 30 miles to have Dan check it out. I couldn't imagine taking my car anywhere else. Trustworthy, fairly priced, hard working. You really couldn't ask for more.

They just made it super easy and stress free, beginning with the phone call.
I relayed the issues, they demonstrated knowledge and confidence, were able to get me in same day, and the issue seems to be resolved.
Great rates, speedy service, and they have a great sense of humor.

I regret taking it in to the Nissan dealership at all. Should've come here first.

Had my brakes done here, awesome parts, job, and price. Done same day. Later, my rear shocks needed replacing. The owner shows you everything on the computer, how the parts fit together, the parts cost off of the various manufacturers websites and their perfomance, and again same day. He also recommended the 10W-60 synthetic oil because I drive Lyft (8K-10K before another oil change needed). In the end, my brakes feel awesome, I take road bumps like a champ, amd my engine runs so smooth and quite its amazing. The owner is really cool and funny. Pricing is great and transparent. Definately recommend these guys!

Dropped someone off at the airport early in the morning, was stuck in town waiting for an appt, and needed an oil change. Picked these guys off yelp and boy I'm glad I did! Dan, the owner, got me in immediately -- and I mean immediately -- was transparent about the (very reasonable) charges, clearly cared about his reputation and quality of work, and we even ended up in a brief discussion about the meaning of life. As a petite blonde woman who obviously knows very little about her car, I was pleasantly surprised to be treated with kindness and respect - he didn't make me feel stupid, come up with a bunch of bogus charges, hit on me, blow me off, or talk down to me. He casually directed me to the comfortable and well lit coffee shop across the street without pointing out that he was sending me somewhere I'd feel safe, and called to tell me he was done before I even finished my cup of tea. Thanks Dan, I'll be back, and so will my friends.

Fabulous mechanic! 
Answered all my questions thoroughly, services weren't unreasonable, courteous, I didn't walk into a place that made me feel like I was wasting someone's time. Thank you thank you. I'll recommend you to everyone.

I have taken my little convertible bug here many times for many different issues. Never had a bad experience. The owner is one of the most honest and hard working  people out there. I'm so grateful for this business!

These guys!!

So, I stop by their shop today to show them some pictures of the issue I'm having and to discuss with them what needs to be done and when I should tow my vehicle.  I get sized up a bit and then I'm told to go to the part shop, buy this and this and then replace them myself ("It's super easy.").  Once I verified that fixed issue #1, I was told to look for the source of the leak for issue #2 and to either fix it myself (again, probably easy) or to bring it back to them and they'd take a look at it.  I was then told to call if I had any questions while I was doing the repairs.  They even offered to loan me a special tool if things went sideways.

What?!  This is unheard of.  An easy 1-2 hours shop rate just written off and advice/guidance given instead.  Well, my truck runs great now, I fixed the leak myself (permanently, no MacMyver fix) and I feel a bit more confident with a wrench than before.  

They definitely earned themselves a new customer today.

I brought my car to Dan for a second opinion after James at Meineke in white center told me I needed $900 worth of break work done. Dan took a look, drove around the block with me to test the breaks and said everything was fine and to come back in 20,000 miles for break work. He was friendly and honest and didn't take advantage of the opportunity. He even said "my heart bleeds for what that guy tried to do to you." That is care and empathy! We will be coming to Dan for everything from here on out.

The best! Honest and great service. I had been going to another mechanic for a couple of years. I recently had some issues with unresolved repairs. Took it in to Community Automotive and they fixed it. He alerted me to another major issue - my timing chain, that I was not aware of. Could have been a disaster.  I ended up getting rid of it, but was grateful they alerted me to this problem.

I live in Seattle, and  found a car in Burien that was just what I was looking for, but I needed someone to check it out thoroughly before I purchased it. Called  Community and pleaded with them for their help with no notice. Not only did he spend a half hour past closing on his Friday doing a thorough job checking everything, he only charged $85.00 and adamantly refused to let me pay him extra for getting me in with no notice, and staying past closing. Even did a minor repair he found for free. He told me he would never allow someone to buy an unsafe or unsound vehicle. I've spent 12 years looking for a shop with this integrity and quality. A lifetime customer. Nobody else is ever going to touch one of my vehicles!

I was recommended to this place by a tow truck driver that said his customers had said great thingsabout this place. I originally ook my car to Honda repair center in Burien and they charged me almost $1000 for repairs and didn't explain what they were doing.  I came to this place after and the guy always makes his best effort to explain what is wrong with my car. He also always gives me different alternatives in his attempt to give me different options with various rates, which I appreciate. He has such a great friendly way of treating his customers I always feel comfortable asking him to fix my car or take a look at it before long trips. I am so glad I found this place, definitely recommend.

Dan is the best. He does an excellent job educating you about what is wrong with your car, gives you high and low estimates, offers you high and low end parts, but always gives his very honest opinion about what is best for your car. Dan is reliable and timely, working overtime on Sunday so I had my car for work on Monday. He is always available by phone (leave a message, he WILL call you back). Dan has completely updated my 2003 Corolla with a new clutch and catalytic converter, as well as oil cleaner and AC repair for a bargain deal. Any other dealer would have charged me 2xs what he has. 2 years ago an acquaintance recommended I see him, I'll never go to another mechanic. Honest. Direct. Reliable. Affordable. Passionate about his work.

Dan is the absolute best. THE BEST. I bring him my crappy old commuter cars to work on and he makes them better than before they needed to go in. I do have an SRT8 pleasure ride that I will take to Dan for maintenance and anything else it needs as well. He's fair, honest and fast. Luv him. 10 stars!!

Dan is  great  and know his stuff. Saved me a lot of money, Efficient knowledgeable and does not do more than necessary.

Reticent about a great review since he may get too much work.

After a great experience, I will no longer be bringing my car anywhere else! My car hadn't been serviced in awhile and I wanted to have a mechanic check out a few issues I was having with it before taking it on a roadtrip. Les Schwab had replaced a tire a few weeks prior and informed me that my shocks and struts were "beyond damaged" but I wanted a second opinion. The mechanic (Dan?) was a dream to work with. My changed me 1/3 of what Chevy wanted for labor and inspection. He called me and was very honest and clear about what he recommended. Turns out a few of the issues I was experiencing were attributed to something other than what I thought, and the prices for the repair were very fair. Everything was serviced within a few hours and I couldn't have been more pleased with the experience. I will definitely be recommending this place to friends and family. THANK YOU!

Shoutout to Michael Covey! If you're looking for top-notch customer service, Liberty Bay Auto is the place to go to. My family has been happily buying cars at LBA for years. Fast forward and now I live in San Diego and I'm venturing into the world of used car purchase for my 1st time and need some straight advice. Who do I call? LBA. Michael Covey picked up the phone and without flinching he answered all of my questions about as-is vs. warranty, available warranties to beat the rate I got down here, trustworthiness and what to expect from private auto sales, he was doing research on this car to assure trustworthiness and clean history.... and I wasn't even buying a car from him! It speaks a lot to the integrity and the reliability of a business and its staff when they're standing up to assist you whether you're going to buy a car from them or not. If I were still in Poulsbo, I'd buy from Mike in a heartbeat. http://coveysellscars.com/

Great repair shop and detail.   Very clean and organized.   I was most impressed with their professional approach to a industry that isn't know to be very professional.   I hung out with bob and I could tell that he is going to make Liberty Bay the kind of shop I want to take my cars to for a long long time

My wife's old minivan became so old and decrepit that we knew we had to replace it. I went with her to Liberty Bay Auto Center and met with Mike Covey. He was extremely helpful and did a great job of showing us what our options were. He and the rest of the staff at Liberty Bay Auto Center did a wonderfull job of helping us select a used Nissan Leaf for our next car. A minor problem of a nail in a tire was repaired and covered by the center. Thanks to Mike Covey and Liberty Bay Auto Center for wonderful customer care!

I've been waiting to write this review, to truly make sure that I did in fact find my dream vehicle thanks to Jeremy & Derek at Liberty Bay. I had been shopping for a nice, used Subaru for several months, including all the "big dealerships" in Seattle (where they don't really seem to need/want your business, since Subarus are basically the #1 purchased car in the NW & they sell themselves). After checking out some cars here at Liberty Bay & not finding the perfect fit, I kept looking elsewhere. Then one day Jeremy called me & said that he might have the perfect vehicle, just in on a trade, clean one-owner Carfax report, etc. He sent me pics & it looked good, a 2010 Forester Limited in red paprika pearl with black leather interior. When I drove it, it seemed perfectly "broken in" & fit my driving style to a T. Jeremy said that they were going to go ahead & do the head gaskets & timing belt, literally just so I would have nothing to worry about in the future. Well, it's been over 6 months since the purchase & this Forester has been basically flawless. My friends think it's a lot newer than a 2010 model & we have road tripped thousands of miles around the PNW with nothing but smiles. I'm actually looking forward to some snow this winter, just to see how "Pimenton" handles it (that's right, we even named her). Thanks LBA! PS: service dept. oil changes here are only $39 out the door, impressive.. cheaper than the Quik-e-Lube places, & they also vacuum & wash your car!

10/10 would recommend coming here!!! If you are in the market for a car, you will receive great service as well an amazing car (if they have the one you'd like). I was lucky enough to get both! I went in last week to check out a car I have been wanting for a year now! I never found any with the right price and fit the criteria I had. Until I came across this one!! When we got there I noticed the dealership was a small intimate 50's style which was nice. So Michael began showing the car to us and everything was flowing perfectly. I never not once felt like I was being forced or like I wanted to bang my head against the wall (most dealerships are so pushy and don't care about your best interest). I have gone to numerous dealerships and they all made me feel small like I was just a number to them. Not here!!!! Michael genuinely cared about my brother and I as well as my comfort (seeing as I am the one who bought the car lol) he shared different stories with us which helped me get to know him more. It was just like old friends catching up! Jeremy made things very clear and concise on all the financing. They answered any questions I had and helped make this process as a first time buyer a smooth ride (HA get it? Smooth ride just like my new car )

I had the check engine light come on in my 2012 Jeep. I had heard that Liberty Bay was a good place to go and so I dropped it off for them to look at. Sarah was point of contact and she was amazing!! We had to go through various testing/steps to figure out what was going on and she called frequently to to keep me in the loop as to what was going on. I was worried after the 5th call....all I was thinking about was $$$$$$! And then I thought maybe I should have taken it to the Jeep dealer bc of the severity of the issue. Well, she worked it out and confirmed I still had 4 months left on my warranty (thank goodness!), got it down to Jeep, and had them fix it! She also offered rides/a car for my use if I needed it (I didn't). I finally picked it up and had a small amount to pay to Liberty for some labor and a fuel injection service. I left satisfied that I hadn't overpaid and was happy with the result of the service! Thank you, Sarah and Liberty Bay!

My husband took his Chevy Avalanche into Liberty Bay for an interior detail and these guys did a fantastic job!! Courteous and profession from the start. We would recommend their services with confidence!

Today Mike Covey was so helpful. He installed new wiper blades for me!  I didn't even purchase them from Liberty Bay Auto but he graciously said, of course, come in and we will install them for you. Thanks so much.

My wife and I have purchased several cars here, and have been happy with the entire purchasing process. Although used, the cars are in good condition with low miles. The pricing is average, but the customer service exceptional. When it comes time for a new vehicle, they will be the first place we turn to.

Took my car in today on an hour's notice because my info panel said it needed antifreeze and was low on air in a front tire. When I came to pick it up, they had checked and filled all my tires, topped off the antifreeze and COMPLETELY WASHED AND VACUUMED MY FILTHY CAR!!! As if that wasn't fantastic enough, they charged me nothing! That's right: ZERO. 

I've had nothing but positive experiences with them over the years both buying and selling cars, and in the service department. It's not like I'm some great customer; I probably go in about once a year so it wasn't like they recognized me as a valued regular and did me a favor based on that. This just seems to be how they treat their customers. I know a ton of people who go there, and honestly have never heard a bad word about them from anyone. They have a stellar reputation, and it's VERY well-deserved. 

I greatly appreciate the consistent honesty and customer service I've always received at Liberty Bay Auto. While I wouldn't have dreamed of going anywhere else even before today, this sealed the deal for eternity. Thanks, Liberty Bay Auto. You're the best, and add me to your long list of customers for life. Thank you!

Tom Diefendorf, General Manager
Liberty Bay Auto Center
20201 Front Street NE
Poulsbo, WA 98370

Dear Tom,

When we talked recently I did not tell you that part of my career I was a Customer Service Manager for a major retail store and I remember often taking action in support of our customer in the way you did today for us.  It always worked out best and you proved it today. 

Thank you for your generous, favorable resolution to our problem with our Mazda 6. Because your company prides itself in customer service and has the best service reputation in North Kitsap we came to Liberty Bay Auto Center for our car purchase, started working with Doug and he put us with a salesman.  Overall they made the purchase easy.  We also have had three oil changes since the purchase at your shop because my wife insisted on using your quality service.

We are not sure when we will trade in our Mazda 6 but we will come to you first when we do.  With the friendliness and "we stand behind our cars" attitude of your entire organization we are more than willing to "kick some new tires" with you and your staff.

Thank you again.


Jerry and Sandi Ulsund

Very quick and helpful! Came in for oil change and tire rotation, don't feel like it was overpriced at all and includes a wash and vacuum. When they saw me coming with my double stroller THREE people jumped up to grab the door for me- and that's a win in my book!

These folks are an honest & trustworthy service dealer who don't try to inflate the bill or to sell you on things you don't need.  We were also very pleased with the experience of purchasing a used car from them this past weekend...Salesperson Denise Hulsey was extremely professional, yet laid back with no "hard sell" at all.  Finance Manager Jeremy Dogeagle was similarly low-pressure and (surprisingly) everything wrapped up pretty quickly for a purchase with financing agreement.  Way to Go Liberty Bay...we really appreciate it!

In 18-years, I have purchased probably 20 cars for personal or business use (sometimes several at a time). Of those, 5 were for personal vehicles. Each and every time I have purchased a car, I have had excellent customer service before and after the sale.

I just recently purchased a car from a dealership in Seattle, first time since 1996 that I did not use Liberty Bay Auto....I won't be doing that ever again.....heading back to Liberty Bay for the next car, and the one after that. The only reason why I went elsewhere this time was because I was searching for a very specific make, model, year and mileage----something they simply did not have at Liberty Bay. 

I would highly recommend Liberty Bay Auto to anyone looking for a not-new car that is still in great shape. You will be treated well.

I've been taking my car for servicing here for a year, at the suggestion of a friend who has been taking their cars here for years. I've always received amazing service at a really good price. It is much cheaper to get an oil change here than at Jiffy Lube. One thing I also appreciate is if they don't have the ability to do something, they won't try--they are happy to recommend other car shops.

Legend Auto Sales is very reliable auto source...
My Friend just bought him self a car from them and they wore very professional,  easy, not pushy...
And The whole thing went very fast, it was like in and out...
I was with him when he was buying the car and  I really liked the way they treated us,
The sales guy was like a car expert he really knew everything about his Audi..
I personally really like there team
Great dealership
Huge car selection

Walking in was hospitable from the start. I felt very welcomed.. Excellent experience.. Every one I talked to here was very helpful and very nice.. My friend purchased a very clean SUV for a great price.. They have pristine quality vehicles.. 
Their selection of vehicles is huge! All the staff was very helpful, honest, and straightforward...  Thank you Legend Auto Sales!!!

I just want to say thank you to Michael for my new car, I appreciate the effort and your patience. I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a new car. Huge inventory and really nice cars. Thank you again Michael

I just want to thank Mike and Legend Auto Sales for everything . This was by far the best car buying experience I have ever had. I felt no pressure and felt like I was buying a car from friends. After this I will not buy a car anywhere else. Thank you so much

Wow! Amazing customer service and excellent car detail job! My car looks and smells brand new, like I just drove off the parking lot with 0 miles. This was my first time getting my car detailed at Legend Auto and I think I'm a customer for life. They didn't leave a spot and I really love how they even found a big box to put all my stuff from the trunk so they can clean every spot in my trunk. Other places I've gotten my car detailed would just move stuff to the side and cleaned around it, but Legend Auto neatly put everything in a box which also helped organize my trunk. They were fast, did super quality work, and so friendly. I also noticed that everyone that works there looks really happy. Often times I see people at work that you can clearly see they don't want to be there and counting hours till their shift ends, but at Legend Autos everyone looked genuinely happy. Must be a really great place to work at.

I was referred to this dealership by a friend and I can honestly say they have exceeded all of my expectations. Mike was one of the friendliest salesman I have encountered and at no time did I feel any pressure. What a great atmosphere and environment to purchase a car. Check this place our, there is just something different in the air over there.

Well, it's a prestige place to do business with cars. Also doing car detailing is outstanding. I drop off my car for a day, picked it up in the evening, the car was fully refurbished!!! The car got a face lift!!
Seriously - ever rock chips were taken care of.  I had pleasure doing business with those guys!!!
Highly recommend.

I've done business with legend auto sales for years, everyone I came in contact with are always professional and accommodating, it dose not make a difference if you are purchasing or servicing the vehicle with them . Do highly recommend this store and people that work there, they make it easy to do business with them.

Just flew down here from california and purchased a gorgeous f150 lifted truck and drove it back home. Fully loaded and almost brand new. Thank you for all your help! The deal was amazing and they offered me better financing than my own bank did!!

l recently purchased a Mercedes from this dealership and I have to say, my experience here has been the best car buying experience so far. I had started my car search at Mercedes Benz of Tacoma, and I have to say that Legend exceeds even a Dealership when it comes to price points and financing. They were asking for a cosigner, and 4 grand down (after running a ridiculous amount of credit checks) Legend was able to finance JUST ME, with 2,500$ down, for the same car (same miles, sames style). 

Rosie was AMAZING in every aspect. I came in with a very specific list of what I was looking for. She listened to my needs, showed me every car I asked about, and was even able to negotiate with me on pricing. I would highly recommend asking for her. She encouraged me to try a few different cars before i bought, which was very helpful because it eliminated the "what ifs" I would have had.  Arturo, the gentleman who does financing was also fast, honest, friendly, and accurate.He was able to work with my finances and was able to achieve a great monthly rate for my payments.

Ive had the car about three weeks now and it is a solid car. No issues,what so ever.
Im so satisfied, I cant wait to buy another car.

Full size Luxury SUV for my growing family. 

Came in for suburban or tahoe in mind and budget , end up buying Caddie for the same price!

Super smooth transaction, awesome financing (financing at a good rate was even more important for me than a car itself). But they offered both at a great value. 
Good estimate on a trade in as well. 

Recommend "legend" to my sister, she got Honda CRV at a very good deal too! 

Will recommend to anybody!

How do i add pictures here?

Before I came to even look at a car, I entered in a Seahawks Jersey giveaway they were doing on Facebook, and won the drawing. They were very courteous and didn't mention anything to me regarding the business they do which is to sell cars when I came to pick up the jersey. 

What caught my eye was their really clean and up to date inventory selection ! 

After I came back to check some out, it was a non-pressure atmosphere, they offered me coffee , water, umbrellas, and listened carefully to my requests . Took a few cars on some test drives , ran some numbers , and got me approved on the car I wanted. Love my Volkswagen! 

Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a nice, used, car / truck / SUV, for a reasonable price.

Great place to buy a car....very helpful staff and they work with you as best as possible....i bought a car with high mileage so i am a little concerened...vut i see tons of posts on hap UNpy customers from the same sales associate i had..his name is Cheque...Ez for short...nice guy..good to do buisness with....he saw that my radio got fixed after i drove it off the lot..there was a wiring issue..fixed. No charge

I've recently bought my 3rd car from here, and each time it has been a pleasant experience. 

When I feel it's time for something else , I see what they've got on their lot . Each time I've found the car I've been searching for, and each time the car sold itself. No pressure from the sales staff and an easy, seamless, process with the financing. Each time I got really good percentages, and the cars have been awesome to me. Obviously the cars are used and not new so there were things to work on , but their service department is there to help. 

Loved my previous cars, and love my current Jeep that I've got. I will definitely be back when ready to buy something new! 

Ask for James in sales, a really outgoing and friendly guy that definitely knows what he's doing without the aggressive sales person vibe. Keep it up guys.

Took my car to Legend Autos for detailing & they have done magic to my Audi! It had never shined & been this clean! These guys most definitely on top of their game. It tells what kind of cars they have on their lot.

My dad and I drove in the lot & saw how small it was not knowing they had an even bigger lot behind the entrance so we decided to go elsewhere. Thankfully, Rosie approached us and talked us into test driving a red 2016 Nissan Altima. After test driving it, we decided to come back the next day. We came back & made our offer after viewing a few other dealerships. Rosie & her manager listened to our financial needs & seriously!!! They delivered beyond what I expected. I'm only 21, I'm just building my credit and I was approved to sign for my own car. Rosie, the sales lady was super helpful, knowledgable, patient, and never once was she pushy. I was very pleased with my experience here. I am absolutely happy with my purchase! Definitely recommending all my friends and family here.

My husband and I were in the market for a new car.  I've never purchased a used car before and was wary of dealing with used car salesman. 

However, after dealing with legends sales men I was more at ease.  They showed me the car, we did a test drive and provided a carfax as well as a Kelly blue book.  I was able to verify all info and condition of car. 

Financing was quick and easy.  We were able to take our car away and are extremely happy with the process and price.  

A little time passed and my headlights went out.  I brought it back and they fixed it with no qualms.

They were helpful and understanding even after the transaction was completed.  Id recommend them and ask people to look past the negativity and stigma of used car sales.

Big shout out to Jason Tran!!!

I would buy another Toyota through Jason any day of the week. He made the buying experience flawlessly easy and communicated with me on my terms...

Mike Chen is The Man  
Definitely call him.   
The experience of buying a car, with him, was flawless!

Over a two month span culminating 7/22/2017, he took great care of me from first contact through handing over the keys to my new 2017 Camry XLE.  I am just as enthusiastic about the experience now, as I was then.

He is a straight shooter.  Ethics and Integrity are readily apparent.  No games, no hassles.  High positive energy and works hard to please.  Detail orientated. Professional.  Easy to work with and fast.

I have always GREATLY distrusted car salespersons. [In fact the last car I bought from Toyota of Seattle, 3 years ago,  was through an LA Auto Broker.  I employed them to have a professional negotiate on my behalf.   HA! What an idiot I was.   Paid $600 fee for the broker's  service; and ended up getting a very mediocre (and overpriced) purchase.]  Had I known then, that I could deal directly with this dealership so effectively...would have saved that $600.

Mike Chen also collaborated  with other super professionals as a team.  Check out Bronwyn Vogler, Vehicle Exchange Specialist.  His sales manager, John Brennan, also provided perfect service and follow through.

Everything Toyota of Seattle advertises as benefits of buying through them is ABSOLUTELY the truth.

The service department staff is also amazing.  Although there is a Toyota Service Center 1 mile from my home, I drive from Kirkland to Seattle for service because I can trust them to do a solid job...right the first time.

Also the showroom and related amenities make the time spent there a relaxing experience.

I recently needed to replace my 21-year old Toyota Corolla, so I went to Toyota of Seattle to look at new and used cars. After about two weeks of looking, test-driving and investigating, I ended up buying a new Toyota Corolla that I am very happy with.

Jason Hamblin, one of the Sales representatives there, was extraordinarily helpful in my search and the purchase. He worked with me continuously from the beginning to the end of the process. He was very knowledgeable about all the new and used cars offered by Toyota of Seattle. I made several visits to the dealership, and on three separate days, he took me for test drives of several new and certified used cars, so that I was able to get first-hand experience with each one. He helped me understand the the differences between the various models of both new and certified used cars, including their features and differing warranties. Most of all, Jason focused on helping me understand and weigh all the factors that were most important to me. At the same time, he allowed me to make the decision at my own pace, with lots of information and zero pressure. He's super patient and generous with his time, plus he is easy to reach via text, phone or email. He also showed me how to use their online system to search their inventory of cars which was extremely helpful. He updated me as soon as the car I was looking for became available. When I finally chose the model I wanted to buy, Jason was able to arrange an exchange with another Seattle-area dealership to get that model in a color I strongly preferred. All of these factors contributed to my ultimate, happy decision to buy my new Toyota Corolla.

I am sure that the other sales representatives at Toyota of Seattle are equally knowledgeable and helpful to their customers, but if you go there, be sure to ask for Jason Hamblin. He's really funny too!

I've had my Prius from Toyota of Seattle for over a year now. Every time I go in there the service is incredible! (Yes, sometimes they're a little busy, no wonder, it's a great place!!) Yesterday I went in to get a new battery for my remote control. KJ in the parts department helped with the battery, showed me how to use the extra key if the battery runs out on the remote, and then was really helpful when I started asking questions about how the stereo works. He was fabulously patient and knowledgeable.
 I am so grateful that I bought my car here.

Jason Tran is the man! Having dealt with my fair share of car salesmen in my short 25 years, this is one of the best in the sea-tac I-5 corridor. I gave them a 5/5 because Jason Tran is awesome. Polite, respectable and most of all honest are what you can expect when buying a car from Jason. Seriously a no BS salesman, I highly recommend anyone buying a car here deals through him, you won't be disappointed!

[Edit] 
I originally had a misunderstanding with the finance department causing me to rate this dealership 4/5 but after they reached out to me and made things right I believe that they deserve a 5/5. Not only did they reach out here on yelp but they also didn't make me fight them to live up to their word like most dealerships would in the same situation. Great staff, great cars and great customer service, buy your next car here, I know I will.

I'd like to commend Pape for his help and professionalism in guiding me through the process of buying my certified preowned Rav4.  He was so helpful!  He brought the car to my home to show it to me and my husband.  Then he went back to the dealership to run all the papers for the sale and drove back to our home for our signatures. There was an error on one of the papers, so Pape drove back the next day to finish all the paperwork.  We never had to leave the comfort of our own home to do the whole sale transaction. Pape is upbeat and outgoing.  He also knows a whole lot about Toyotas and spoke very intelligently about the car's mechanism and technology.  He's also super friendly and helpful.  Thank you Pape!

I had the pleasure of buying a 2014 Toyota Corolla from Jason at Toyota of Seattle recently. I had just walked away from another dealership because the salesman was way too pushy and condescending so I was already frustrated with the buying process when I came to Toyota of Seattle. I explained to Jason what had happened, told him the price range I was working with and the type of vehicle I was looking for. Jason was patient, understanding and extremely helpful. At no point during the search did I feel that he was trying to push me into something I didn't want and couldn't afford. Once we got to the paperwork signing he continued to be patient and explained everything to me in a way that made me feel confident in his knowledge of the vehicle as well as the entire buying/paperwork process. I highly recommend anyone looking to buy a vehicle go to Toyota of Seattle and ask for Jason. Not only did he go above and beyond, he even took the time to text me and check in with me twice in the days after I bought the car. I really appreciated his level of customer service and would definitely buy a vehicle from him again in the future.   
-Ashley G.

I've only had good experiences here. 

I bring both my Toyotas here for servicing, and it's always a painless affair to get in and out. Be sure to specify that you'll be waiting, and they'll get right to it. WiFi in the lobby has been greatly improved lately, so getting some work done while waiting, or just catching up on the web is much quicker.

I've also had good a experience purchasing a car here. While buying a car is never particularly fun, Toyota of Seattle made it as painless as I've come to expect. Low pressure, and no haggling. Can't stand that stuff.

As long as you go into this place knowing that they mean it when they say they don't negotiate on prices, your experience will be great. 

I showed up just to take a look, and left the lot the owner of a beautiful 2015 Subaru Forester. 

I worked with Jason Hamblin and he could not have been more professional, friendly, and courteous. As a first time car buyer, I was nervous coming into this experience, and have dealt with other sales people who did not put me at ease, but I absolutely felt comfortable and confident dealing with Jason. Because he began working there fairly recently, I also spent quite a bit of time speaking with Aldo and other members of the team to make sure that all of my paperwork was done correctly and I would have nothing to worry about. Everyone I dealt with was friendly and humorous and welcoming. 

I would definitely recommend Jason and Toyota of Seattle for your next purchase.

I was looking for a second car and we wanted a minivan for our family of 5. I got Jeff's number from a friend and he spoke very highly of Jeff saying he was great at finding cars for a great price and that he was very professional and he didn't disappoint!

I told him what kind of minivan we wanted and how much we were willing to spend. Within a little over a week he called me with a minivan he found that was PERFECT for us and even more than I expect for our low budget! He was actually able to get it for a little less than our budget.

We scheduled a time to meet up to look at the van and after looking it over we were impressed with how clean it was and it ran perfectly! We bought the minivan and have been so happy with it!

About a week after we purchased it, the door lock on the passenger side went out and wouldn't lock or unlock when using the power door locks. Jeff told us he would buy the part and fix it at no charge to us!

I have never been so impressed with buying a car and the amazing customer service and honesty that Jeff showed to us! He went above and beyond to make sure we were happy with our purchase and was so willing to fix the door lock which he didn't HAVE to do since it was working when we bought it! I will be going to Jeff for any of my future car purchases and would refure him to all my friends and family!

We bought our first family car, a 2009 Ford Focus from Jeff. It's been a great experience - neither my girlfriend nor I are good with cars, and we were very nervous about buying one. Jeff suggested the right car for our needs and very clearly outlined the advantages and disadvantages of the model.

I can't emphasize enough how much of a difference it makes to buy a car based on a trust relationship compared to buying it from a fire-and-forget style car dealership. It comes down to "I believe this will be the right model for you, and here's why and I'll make it work" vs "Take this off my hands and you'll be on your own thereafter".

When we bought the car, there were some things that needed work. Jeff pointed the ones that were obvious to him beforehand and entirely took care of anything needing work after the purchase without additional charge.  The car has been performing great, and was exactly the right car for us (learning to drive/first car/no kids).

The car buying experience (paperwork and all) was a lot more smooth and straightforward than we expected in terms of paperwork - sign, hand over the check, return for plates, done.

All in all, I wouldn't want to go anywhere else - we'll be back once we look for our next car!

My family has purchased several cars over the years from Magnolia Motors. Because of my family's long relationship with the Gene Mayer, I have complete faith in the backstory of the vehicles and in the condition of the vehicles. We have never been disappointed! 
My most recent purchase is a total delight! I didn't know I was looking for a new truck until I saw this beautiful 2004 Crew Cab Tacoma! In short, I upgraded from a '98 Tacoma to a '04 Tacoma. Even though this truck is 11 years old, it is clean with only 63K miles! I love how it handles; much cleaner braking, steering and acceleration than my '98. Plenty of room for my dogs in the 5' bed and for family in the crew cab, which I love! Gene upgraded and did extensive maintenance/repairs to this '04 Tacoma including a full skid plate and wheels/tires. I have every confidence in this vehicle because of Gene and Magnolia Motors. I recommend Gene to everyone I know!!

It was a pleasure working with Jeff  through the purchase of my '01 Forester (October 2014). His professionalism, expertise and honesty gave me the peace of mind I was looking for in making a big purchase. While he was working on behalf of Magnolia Motors, I should note that I never actually visited the business and dealt exclusively with Jeff on two occasions. 

For me, the most important factor in buying a used car was a complete and detailed service history along with owners I could trust - I wanted to know the car would be reliable from purchase and I wasn't stepping into a money pit. Jeff was quick to offer up a long list of service records which he backed up with his own knowledge and expertise. Some records had been passed on from the previous owners (a single family) and some were from the 34th Street Garage (sister company owned by his father). At first, I thought it was a little sketchy that repairs were claimed by a family-owned company as this might allow for false records. Jeff claimed the work was done by an outside company, but I didn't quite realize that company was owned by his dad, so a little more disclosure would have been appreciated. Despite his honest demeanor, I wanted to take the car for a buyer's inspection at a local Subaru dealership. He was very accommodating as I returned the following day and allowed me to take the car for a few hours to be inspected. As it turned out, the car was in overall good condition with the exclusion of a few minor repairs which I do believe he was simply unaware of. 

After purchasing, he mailed the necessary paperwork to the DOL the very next day, as well as all the service records I had accidentally forgotten. Days later, he checked in with me to ensure that they'd been received.

I first found the car via a "private owner" listing on Craigslist and while that's not technically true, I don't think it's all that misleading. On behalf of his company, Magnolia Motors, Jeff acquired the car from a family that owned it since new. He had the car for a short period of time before I bought it during which it was cleaned, inspected and serviced. I believe this is standard practice for most used-car dealerships, however I think the smaller size of Magnolia Motors (with smaller overhead) allows him to sell at lower prices. He relayed all important info/documents from the previous owners so it felt like dealing with a private owner, with the added benefit of a professional inspection and service.

I'm happy to recommend Jeff and his company, Magnolia Motors.

Highland Auto is a place that is always willing to do the right thing, even when it takes a lot more effort than cutting corners. Gebran was very forthcoming and quick to point out potential flaws (every used car has them) before I even saw any. This is a breath of fresh air compared to the other dealers that hope you don't find them! 

Bottom line, the experience I got here was stress free and honest, and the price was great too. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking to get a clean car without paying ridiculous new car prices. Thank you and I will be back!

Highland auto was a great experience.I had been looking for a particular vehicle for some time with no luck.I had been to other used car dealers with challenges.Engine light on,air bag light on,fob does not work.They were actually asking full price.Its amazing they don't fix these issues before listing them.It would have saved a lot of time.I contacted Gebron regarding a vehicle he had listed.He was staight forward and had no issues discussion the vehicle over the phone .I was a little leary of a small car dealership.I was pleasantly surprised when I showed up for a test drive.The family owned business was a nice break from the typical back and forth negotiation process that I had been exposed to with other car lots.The car had low miles and was priced right.The next day Gebron allowed me to take the vehicle to a mechanic of MY choice to have the vehicle inspected.It was very reassuring to me that he had no issues with this process.After the inspection,I returned to the dealership to purchase the vehicle.Fourty-five minutes later I was on my way with my new vehicle.I could not be any happier with the experience that I had at this dealership.I would recommend Highland auto to anybody looking for a reasonably priced vehicle that does not want to spend 4-6 hours negotiating a vehicle purchase.
Mike R

We bought a car from Tony Melki.  It was truly the best car buying experience we have EVER had.  Absolutely no pressure and genuinely kind. He was upfront and quick.  Not a long drawn out deal.  We have four kiddos and I guarantee you that we will be back to buy all of their first cars here!  Nothing but love for this place and the owner!

I bought a car from here. It is a family owned business and had a great experience. Gebran and his father are wonderful people. My best car buying experince.  Thanks to both of you

The level of customer service and genuine thoughtfulness CANNOT be beat. If you are looking for a painless and hassle free car buying experience you seriously should not look any further. I really can't say enough to explain how convenient my experience was, not to mention the absolutely gorgeous car I have now at an unbeatable price!

Thank you Gebran!

Easy, painless transaction. We were looking for a very specific SUV (and relatively rare). They had one on the lot that was exactly what we were looking for. No high pressure tactics, no arm twisting. Solid deal on a great car without any drama. Close to home for us was a plus, but it's worth the drive if they have what you are looking for.

I found a Subaru Legacy online at Highland Auto and thought the price was borderline too good to be true. We were amazed at the gem! Gebron was very upfront about everything, and was not pushy. Gebron did not have to sweeten the deal, because he's already offering a great service and a very reasonable price. It's a small Father-Son dealership so options can be limited, but I felt like the service was far more personal than other dealers.

I recently purchased a 2004 Mini Cooper from Gebran Melki, who, with his Dad, run Highland Auto.  My experience was great.  I was given complete information on the car; I was able to take it to Seattle to my mechanic, without a hesitaqtion.  Our dealings were fair, professional, and expedited.  And, I love my new older car!!  Thanks, Grebran.

Great deals and unmatched customer service. We've purchased 4 cars from Highland and couldn't be happier.

After looking high and low for a vehicle for my wife I found highland auto on the internet. I took the gamble of driving quite away from where I live and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the vehicle and the level of service Gebran and his dad provided. I would definitely recommend Highland auto to anyone looking for a second hand vehicle.

Just purchased  a 1995 993 Porsche from Park Place and what an amazing experience I had, Hunter and Jacob customer service was of the chart. Professionalism at is best. Thanks

I had the pleasure to have David Khazai as a salesperson  He provided me with all the help I needed to get my dream car. He is one of the nicest salesmen I ever had. He was very nice throughout the whole process and got me a deal I was happy with. He always got back to me with any questions I had. He made me feel comfortable when we were making the deal even though we never met only through Text and phone calls. Thanks David for all your work!

I have purchased 23 cars in 20 years of being able to drive. Every dealer was different but, what separates Park Place is their knowledge, service level and patience.  Yes, you look for a dealer that offers you the lowest price but, you want a company that supports you well past the purchase of your car. I worked with David Khazi and Ryan Vanderwel. Best experience. This isn't a small purchase for most buying from Park Place. You want everything to be perfect. These two were cool, calm, collected and helped me every step of the way during and after my purchase with the car and additional add ons.  Don't hesitate making your big purchases with this team at Park Place.

I wanted to provide a call-out to Chris Lowell, consignment director, at Park Place.  He was able to sell my 2016 Audi TTS even though I had purchased bright red seats (I know, what was I thinking?)  A great experience in which I was able to get the net price I had hoped for which was $2,000 more than the Audi dealer was willing to pay.

I am just leaving the bank where I deposited my check from Park Place LTD. :-) my experience with these guys was "five stars" from start to finish.

I was trying to sell my high-end Audi on Autotrader but was having difficulty especially with potential buyer's financing. Also, it's somewhat complicated to sell a high-end car by yourself.

These guys saw my advertisement and called me; from that moment until cashing my check has been a  perfect customer service experience. 

I worked with three different folks from the initial contact to the selling of my car and all three of them were incredibly knowledgeable, straightforward and of the highest integrity. Everything they told me to convince me to sell my car through them until the final sale was exactly as they described it. I would highly recommend doing business with these guys.

By the way, when I decide to purchase another car you can bet I will go to these guys. Of course, the problem will be which one to buy because their inventory is kind of off the charts fantastic.

I'm sad that Saabs are no longer being manufactured in Sweden for the US market, but grateful that Park Place is here to service my vehicle.  Before Park Place began working on Saabs, my car was serviced at a different dealership in Bellevue -- that was not a good experience.  Park Place is professional, knowledgeable and conscious of pricing their work fairly if a problem is complicated and requires more extensive troubleshooting. Highly recommended!

Thank to Rene for all his help!

I got my Jaguar XJL totaled by an 18 wheeler and they had the perfect replacement!

Had my 1949 Lincoln with a LSA motor in to diagnose a very obscure charging system problem. Brian Groudle and his team were extremely through and were able to get me to a path of correcting this problem. Thanks to everyone for the great care taken and fair pricing on the time spent on my vehicle. A truly professional experience!!

Armen G. - Unreplaceable Mercedes mechanic, it's hard to find mechanics with such an experience those days. Sounds like he's leaving the place I hope I'll be able to find contacts for the guy...

The best, best car dealership I've ever met. To be honest, I did not purchase any car here but a couple of services for my Aston and my SAAB. It's an absolute heaven for petrolheads. The collection is absolutely amazing! Porsche 959, Alfa 8C, 300SL... (If you don't know what I'm talking about, next door BMW certainly welcomes you.) The sales people here really know cars. Unlike any other dealers who would try anything to get money from you quickly, they feel happy chatting with me for ages about the cars (The culture, the history, the heritage etc.) they have in store. Yep, I know they do realize a 21 year-old would not have enough cash to purchase anything from them yet. But still, they treat me really well. And I'm so happy that there's at least one dealer in town operated by real car people. You know what others would do to blokes like me? Beamer would force you to buy their cars right away and Merk would simple kick you out of the store. 
        Note: Their services are pricey so are their cars. (I really don't mind about it.) 
        P.S. Probably the only Spyker dealer in the region now although they don't have any in store for a really long time. I'll order one from Park Place, sooner or later. I love dealers to show a bit of exclusivity, or, in the eyes of non-petrolheads, cocky. I love it.

Understand I did not buy my car from Park Place...it is one of those cars that you just can't live without...however, it is older and repairs are seriously costly...but, stubborn person that I am, I will keep it forever.  Fast forward...Purchased an extended warranty from Park Place (thank you, Hunter)...had a couple of sleepless nights worrying about paying so much for an "insurance policy"...but it has now (we're into it for 1/2 of its duration) more than reimbursed me for the repairs and I have another 1 1/2 years to go (not sure what I will do then)..so ...what I am saying is "if Park Place asks you if you want to purchase an extended warranty on your dream car"...DO IT!

We bought an '08 Audi Avant with 100k miles on it and thought it would be best to take it to the dealership first to have it looked over fully and get a list of maintenance it could need. They had our car for a full 2 days, we decided to have them do the rear brakes and a headlight was out so they replaced that. The bill was quite high, but we just figured it was because of the car being an import and it being a dealership service center. They gave us a proposal for 4 items that would need to be addressed totaling $3700, including tires, front end bushings, vacuum pump and a battery. We then took our car Park Place Limited, who looked it over and found the battery tested fine and the pump wasn't bad after all-Audi Bellevue had lied, completely.  For a mere $1500 we left Park Place with all new tires (premium grade!) and they repaired the bushings and even found another problem that needed repair that The dealership had evidently overlooked. It felt so good to have the work done by such a trustworthy group of professionals!  We will never take our cars anywhere but Park Place!!

Recently sold my Audi R8 here on consignment. The car sold within a week! The process was ultra-smooth and even finalized the process while I was out of the country. The staff was very professional and treated me with the utmost courtesy. They will go out of their way to make the process a easy and convenient as possible. I wouldn't hesitate coming back to use their consignment services in the future and will even consider buying from them knowing they keep the customer in mind!

My wife & I bought a beautiful Porsche from David Khazai at Park Place last year.

At the time, I wasn't really compelled to write a review. I got an okay deal on one of the least expensive cars on the lot (Park Place has some *really* cool and rare vehicles). The buying process was easy and fast (as far as car transactions go), but hey, they made money, and anyone selling cars like theirs is going to have that part nailed, right?

Not so much. I've since purchased another car from a more traditional "luxury brand" dealership, and while not exceptionally awful, that experience reminded me how great Park Place really is compared to the others out there.

A few specifics, among others:
- When I asked for an independent inspection before completing the transaction, the response was "of course, no problem," which is NOT what all dealers will say. David worked with the shop of my choice (of course, Park Place knows everyone in town) to get this done painlessly.

- A week or so after taking delivery of the car, David e-mailed me and said that they had just noticed the dealership's own inspection had revealed that the front tires were worn beyond dealership standards. A few days later, I drove away with two brand new tires at Park Place's expense. Yes, they CALLED ME IN to spend $600 of their own money. Absolutely impressive and amazing for a car dealer.

- The in-house detail shop that cleans cars up before delivery is a legitimate, professional operation that customers actually choose to take their cars to. Compare this to the usual "3 guys around back with a bottle of windex" that you'll find at regular dealerships.

- The owners are locals - car enthusiasts and UW alumni. Not a huge midwest dealership holding company.

- David and many of the other salespeople have been with Park Place for many years and really know cars, unlike others who have just memorized brochures.

I really don't know the world of collector cars at all and that's a big part of their business. But I can say that if you're in the market for a used luxury or performance car, whether they have it on the lot or not, head to Park Place.

Today I was met with the utmost courtesy and dignity when arriving at this establishment.  All of the staff were extremely helpful especially David Bruski who treated me as if I were buying a two million dollar car and not the least expensive car on the lot.  Bravo on the awesome decor and the welcoming environment amongst such an amazing assortment of exotics and collector cars.  Truly a shining example of what a car lot should be.  I will endeavor to make more money than ever before just to be able to return to this fine establishment.  And thanks again David Bruski for reminding me that there are some great individuals who are in the sales profession.

Just bought a 2011 BMW 135i convertible from David Bruski.  It was $18,000 less there than the one across the street at the BMW dealership.  It was a year older and had 7,000 more miles, but I thought that was an amazing price.

I got to drive it with my friend and without him tagging along.  He was very low key, calm and not pushy.  I was able to negotiate a transaction that suited my needs and when I went to pick up the car the next day, all the paperwork had been done and I was in and out of there in 15 minutes.  

They have an amazing selection of higher end gently used cars.  I'm so glad my girlfriend encouraged me to "go across the street" and take a quick peek at their inventory.  That move saved me over $18,000.

Anyway, trustworthy and not pushy.  Informative but doesn't drone on.  Make sure you visit these guys if you are thinking about a FUN car...

Some of the coolest cars and great staff, they will def help you find your next car!

America, in general, doesn't have the best assortment of cars. Despite what you may think of us about being capitalistic and "free market", we're ... well, we're just not. Not in terms of cars (and probably some other industries), anyway. A little travel will open your eyes.

A quick visit to even an overly safe "nanny state" such as the UK will show you what a much more free market looks like. Safety conscious, socialistic nanny states oddly have three times the brands and models we do. Even cool stuff anybody can afford, like affordable Citroens. Modern America is broken in some deep, weird un-American way and should be fixed. Yet, to be fair, much less safety oriented countries have even more choices than Europe. In many parts of Asia and India, you'll see brands of cars which shouldn't be on the road anywhere, hahaha.

Rare places like Park Place help to fix this insidious lack of choice we have, as long as you have a few bucks in your pocket. (But not too many, Park Place is kinda enough to have at least a few affordable options) 

It's truly one of the few places like this (other shops in Santa Monica and Florida come to mind), and one of the best. Their selection is absolutely breathtaking. 

Even if you don't think you like cars, I almost guarantee you'll find something here that changes your mind. Something that makes your heart skip a beat. Something that truly inspires!

All of the salespeople, from what I can tell, truly love cars... And it shows. Of course, the buyer or buyers do, too. This place just oozes auto love. It's fun and funky. Its autonerd paradise. 

If you make a good amount of money, and don't know what to do with it, do yourself a favor and get yourself a treat here. Seattle, as rich as it is, doesn't have enough pieces of art on the road. You can help fix this problem! :)

Keep in mind that when you buy inspirational things, you'll be happier and will likely design better products. If you are involved in making tech and appreciate the work of people like Steve Jobs, then please get yourself inspiring things.... Such as an inspiring car. (And inspiring workplace, home, and so on) We'll all ultimately benefit, because this inspiration will show up in your work. Inspiring = the stuff that helps make life truly worth living. Thriving, not merely surviving.

And yes, I'm serious, and no, I have no financial affiliation to this company at all. I simply shopped them not too long ago for a good road trip mobile (a well taken care and reasonably priced Mercedes G class SUV out front drew me in), and ended up quite moved myself by all the lovely machines they have. I truly, deeply, madly fell ... in love!

There's nothing boring here. Your emotions will be stirred by a giant piece of metal and glass... Because while they do carry "normal stuff", truly passionate artists made over half of the other cars they carry.

Because there's a mix of both affordable, very well taken car of used cars, and exotics, true works of art... I can't see not stopping here every time you are either in the market for a nice daily driver, or if you're flush, a functional piece of art.

Heck, this is even a good place to take out of towners if they're into either cars, art, or both. They'll love a visit here! 

Again, there's just a few places like this in America. Let's keep 'em in business, let people know about 'em, and dress up America's roadways with more "good vibe" mobiles that inspire people. All boats will rise.

Just sold by BMW M3 through ParkPlack LTD working with Mr. Chris Lowell.  Very good experience, took care of detailing and preparing vehicle for resale.  Kept me up to speed on progress of sale and honest assessments for value.  Made things easy which is why I would higly recommend their consignment services.

My husband and I bought a 2012 Nissan Sentra from CB Credit King for him to use to drive Uber and Lyft as a retirement job. Ken and Curt provided excellent customer service and we are happy with the car and it was a good price for it (sorry to have missed the sale!). They both really make an effort to help out the customer. We also appreciate the customer service post-sale; Curt offered to get us two new tires at his cost at Discount Tires.

Curt, Sean, Ryan, good people to deal with. I felt like they wanted to help you. No pressure to make a sale. If I am in the market for another vehicle I would check with them first.

I had a great experience today with Will at CB Credit King. He listened to my financial needs and made it work, and I left with an awesome car. It's great that I'm rebuilding my credit as well. 

I would definitely recommend coming here for a car. My car was very clean, as we're other cars in the lot. 

These guys know what they're doing.

Don't waste your time! Just go to them and have your car. The owner and salesmen are very nice and they do very good job! I am so happy with my car and their service. Thanks for the great service.

Had a great experience with Curt and Mike. After a tough two years my credit is is poor but I needed a car. They were very kind and helpful, explained the financing process, and I left with a great car. I even forgot my checkbook and Mike followed me back to my house so I didn't have to drive all the way back. So nice! Definitely recommend especially if you want a great customer service experience. Thank you!!!!

Wonderful the best experience. Will and Curt just get it done...After hours before they open doesn't matter Will takes care of you 100% the best. Professional and friendly. My wife and I will buy more cars in the years to come. We appreciate everything you guys have done for us. Thanks again

Very professional and friendly. Got my first car today. A cute little Ford Focus. The tires were bald sadly, but they replaced them! Saved me the hassle of getting that done. They are very honest in their cars. If there's a click or any dents they'll let you know and assure you that they are looking into it. Overall fantastic experience! Thanks guys :)

I had a wonderful experience buying from this dealer. I found them online after I spotted a great deal on a 2005 Kia Spectra. Mike and I took the car for a test drive, he told me more about the car and where it came from. There was no pressure to buy and they never tried to push me towards a more expensive car. I highly recommend their service.

This Dealer is awesome I purchased my Honda Accord here today and it was fast and easy, curt the owner was here and help me with my purchase. I would recommend this dealer, it looks small from the road but I was very pleased with how my deal went down.

Approved! My credit score is under 600 and everyplace I went to buy a car would reject my car loan.  With fair and honest in-house financing options, the manager Curt was able to get me a loan and let me drive the car home the same day.  I would recommend CB Credit King to anyone in the North Seattle area who needs a car.  Thanks!

Honored to be the first to leave a review by this well respected car dealership, Curt truly honor his customers !!! hassle no pressure made the process fun, i felt at home here!! come in and see for yourself

Class A operation, I was treated great from the start at Championship Motors. Highly recommend them for quality well priced used cars. I bought a car from Steve 25 years ago and since then purchased others. Steve has always been a professional. The cars I have purchased have been great and at a great price. I have referred many of my friends to them and all have had a very good experience.
Their lot and building is in great condition and they are easy to find near the end of the 520 freeway in Redmond.

All I can say is best car buying experience I have ever had .....great selection great sales person (anna) no pressure no bs no gimmicks , car fax on every vehicle , I was so pleased with them I went an financed with them ( I always use my own bank ) they rates were super low and didn't even have to wait more than 30min ....great dealer , 5 star all the way ....

I purchased a car from Championship Motors on 5/27/2016. Living in CA I was nervous of buying a car sight unseen, so I was pleased when both Atticus and Sonora answered every question I had in a timely manner. Communication was excellent during the whole process and it took around a week to complete the purchase. I had the car shipped and it arrived in pristine condition aside from the usual bugs and dust. The car looks even better than it did in the pictures!

Reading some of the reviews on here, I'm surprised because my experience was not even remotely close to some of the stories. Perhaps it was because I was buying a 2013 car with 9,000 miles, not a much older car with many more miles and more unknowns in the history. All I can suggest is do your due diligence before buying a car anywhere you go. Thanks to Atticus, Sonora and everyone at Championship Motors for making my first out of state car purchase effortless and low-stress!

We had such a great experience purchasing our Car from Atticus. This guy knows his business and works very hard. We have purchased at least 15 cars from dealers over the years and it was always the same BS, high pressure sales, game playing etc. Championship's professionalism was a refreshing and welcoming change to the typical car buying process. We love our car and will return  when we're ready for another. 

PS.
There was another person that helped with our transaction. I think his name was Jared? Very knowledgable young man.

***Best Experience Ever!!!***
(Don't look at review stars only! I mentioned I was confused by how few stars they had on here and they explained  to me that those reviews are from the previous owners!) 
My husband and I were looking to buy an SUV and had been searching online, at other dealerships and it was so frustrating dealing with hovering car salesmen. 
  So when my husband mentioned CM that he drives by almost every day for work, he asked if I could look into it. (Side note: Women alone + car dealership = Getting taken advantage of!...And I'm not an easy customer!) 
 I drove into the lot and looked at a few of the cars and found the people here are THE FRIENDLIEST I've ever experienced in a dealership! 
Also, I appreciate its family owned and run and they offered me coffee, tea or water every time! I went in several times because I am very indecisive when it comes to a big purchase. I never felt pressured or taken advantage of to buy a car here. 
 They were very patient with me and asked all the right questions and any concerns I had they listened too. I got to test drive several of the cars that we were interested in as well. 
 The car we purchased with them was a 2001 Lexus RX 300 SUV that we bought in Oct 2015. We absolutely LOVE the car, for as old as it was already, they tuned it up and detailed it to almost brand new. 
  
***We HIGHLY recommend this place!***

I have never posted a review before but had such a good experience with purchasing a used car with this dealership that I wanted to. We came looking for a car for our daughter and left with one for me as well. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, fair and up front. We keep our cars for a long time and have always tried to buy our vehicles privately because we haven't always viewed dealerships as trustworthy, but this experience changed our thinking. We will definitely come back when we need a car.

I'm not sure who the naysayers did business with when they panned Championship Motors, but based on my wife's and my experience, they really missed the mark.  

We worked with Anna, Atticus and Steve and they were all great to work with.  No hassles in getting the car we wanted to look at out for a long test drive.  We were looking at a few other cars from other dealers and were never pressured by any of the Championship Motors staff to make a decision.

After the initial drive, we came back a day later and got an estimate for our trade.  I'd done some due diligence on what our car was worth and Atticus came up with a reasonable offer that wasn't too far off of what we were looking for.  The price they were asking for their car was in the lower range of asking price so we thought a lower number for our car was reasonable.

We next needed the car for several hours so we could get a thorough inspection done.  No problem and no major issues uncovered in the inspection.  There were a couple of small items that needed attention and Atticus was reasonable as we worked to get those resolved.  

We're a couple of old folks and have purchased a lot of cars and motorcycles over the years.  This was one of the best teams we've worked with and we'd recommend them to others.  Our acid test is whether or not we'd do business with them again and we'd definitely say, "Yes!"

Championship motors helped my purchase a high quality car at a huge discount. I felt like they did everything they possibly could to help me with financing and making sure the car was in top shape, both in performance and appearance. Thank you Championship Motors. You guys re AWESOME!!! This was the second car that I purchased from Championship Motors. Why? Because they were awesome the first time :-)

I've never bought a used car from an independent shop before, though I've bought used cars from new car dealers before.

I was very pleasantly surprised, based on all the stereotypes of used car dealers, how painless and, yes, even pleasant (!) my purchase from Atticus at Championship Motors was.  Got a good car at a reasonable price with a minimum of hassle or aggressive sales techniques.  

I see some negative reviews here, I usually only comment anywhere on a business when I have a negative experience, but given how far my experience exceeded my expectations I thought it really worth taking the time to give these folks a thumbs up.

I'd definitely go back again.

Fantastic cars and excellent service.  We were completely and entirely satisfied that we got an excellent deal on our Camry.  Atticus is a personable and knowledgeable young man who treated us kindly and understood exactly what we were looking for.  Anna was also very thoughtful and helpful.  We are thrilled with this dealership.

Although the start of my purchase was a bit rough, the overall experience and the vehicle I have makes the finish a success! I want to thank Atticus for being open and honest, and I want to thank Steve for standing on his promise. As a Used Car lot, my experience was greatest than any New Car lot I have visited. Thank you so very much for making me smile every time I lift the key to unlock my new car...I truly feel blessed!

Very friendly salesmen. Spoke with Brian who was helpful and knowledgeable. Not your typical car lot - in the way that I didn't feel like it was in a high pressure environment.  I highly recommend Championship Motors.

Hello SSMOTORS.....A fantastic,amazing,great, Dealership to get your car from...
Serjio & Heather where great made me a deal i could not refuse and they where sooooooooo friendly and helpful would definitely send all my friends and family to SSMOTORS..:)))))))))))))))))))))) LOVE YOU GUYS

jANET

Absolutely GREAT place to do business with. We couldn't be happier with the car, the deal, and the fantastic service that we received. Serj and everyone at SS Motors really seems to care about their customers. Thank you SS Motors, we'll definitely be back!!!

Was looking for a super solid SUV and hesitant to work with SS due to their size.  Decided to check them out because of the yelp reviews for their business.  The current reviews are accurate.  

The crew at SS was actually pretty friendly and not pushy.  We ended up not being able to buy from SS (though we planned to if something hadn't opened up in Oregon) and they were super gracious even though they were actively working to find a SUV for us.  

I recommend a gal in particular to connect with there.  Her name is Kris and she was really great.  If you're in the market for a vehicle, I'd say check out SS.  Their pretty convenient off I-5 and it will likely be worth your while.  Next time we need a vehicle, Ill definitely check in with Kris.

I have now bought 2 vehicles from them and I have had excellant customer service always. I send my friends and people that I run in to there when they are looking to purchase a car or truck. Tammy always makes sure that I am taken care of and Serg is always spot on when something needs to be done.

I was a bit wary of going to a small car lot but after hitting some of the big ones and having terrible salesman experiences I figured this place couldn't be any worse.  I was very pleasantly surprised by the laid back guy at SS.  The truck I bought did have some problems which I had to find out by testing everything.  Once I listed the issues out the price came down to compensate.  They also let me take the truck for a few hours so I could drop it off for a pre-purchase inspection at a shop near my house.  What gives the 5th star is that my transaction was a bit weird and involved purchasing then refunding and giving a personal check due to my financing through Fidelity.  I had to trust them and they came through with zero problems.  I've been in the truck for 2 months and I'm happier every time I drive it, just took it to Mt. Rainier over Labor day.

I have had the hardest time finding the right car for my family! But SS Motors made my experience much less painful.  I think that the sales experience we had far exceeded our expectations for any auto dealership.  SS Motors made our experience enjoyable! It's nice to do business with respectable, reputable people.

After a recent car accident and the inevitable totaling out of my car by my insurance company I was faced with the daunting and stressful task of having to purchase a car.  This anxiety and stress was soon a distant memory upon my experience with Carter Subaru Ballard..in particular sales manager Bill Koch.   Working with Bill was a complete joy....not only was he professional but very personable, friendly, and knowledgeable as well.  This was particularly important to me as I was comparing multiple vehicles and he was able to assess my needs and point me in the right direction. I felt comfortable, like I was dealing with a friend as opposed to your typical "salesman".  
     In the end, along with a smooth transaction Bill was able to get me a decent and fair price with no hassles, confusion or stress.            Based on my interaction from Bill I would definitely return to Carter Subaru.
      Bill Koch and entire sales team/staff deliver a great customer experience. I got an easy and honest deal. Not only would I come back to purchase another vehicle from Carter Subaru, I would recommend them to friends and family as well. Again.... Thank you!!!

I had the BEST experience this morning with Ezra at Carter Subaru. 
I just moved from New York to Washington a few days ago and this was also my first time leasing a car; so as you can imagine I was very clueless about pretty much everything. 
Ezra was so helpful with the entire process, he was able to take me on a test drive of the car, and explain to me everything I needed to know about the make and model. He then worked with the (also very helpful and intelligent) financial people to help me find a payment plan that worked best for me. He even helped refer me to car insurance agents as I had yet to get my own when I arrived at the dealership. 
I walked away thrilled with my new Subaru CrossTrek. Thank you Carter Subaru!!

Came in to entertain the thoughts of getting into a new car, the dealership is in an easy to access location but customer parking/entrance is basically non existent. We poked around in the used cars then went in to talk to a salesperson and was greeted by Shelly Martin at the front desk. She was by far one of the best sales people we have ever worked with. She was quick and didn't waste any time, we took a certified STI out for a test drive and she was knowledgeable, friendly, casual, and not pushy. She understood that we weren't in a hurry for a new car but still was willing to go the extra mile so we had all the information we needed. Unfortunately we had to leave since we were on a time crunch, but we do look forward to working with her for all of our Subaru needs. 

One thing we were a little disappointed about was that the service department was booked out 4 weeks since we had a recall on our vehicle.... so if you plan on coming in for service definitely plan ahead..... way ahead!

I had a great experience at Carter Subaru in Ballard. I drove 6+ other SUVs before deciding on the Forester. I really enjoyed working with a Victor, who made the process very easy and let me take my time (no sales pressure) in deciding the best choice for me. He also listened to what I wanted and showed me my options. I would recommend all my friends to go to Carter and work with Victor!

I recently leased a 2017 Subaru Forester thru Carter and had a wonderful experience! Bryan Deanda has been so helpful throughout the entire process and continues to be prompt in answering all my questions. Thank you so much Bryan and Carter Subaru for making this a painless and enjoyable experience!

They've earned this update.

After a horrendous experience with my insurance company yesterday when my car broke down on the freeway, the tow truck arrived almost 3 hours late, well past when Carter closed.  I've been a customer here for awhile, and I called to let them know what was going on, and that I have a 1-month-old at home with my wife.  Tammy was absolutely wonderful, said it was no problem and had the entire loaner process all ready to go whenever I showed up, even after service had been closed for hours.

Subsequently, repairs to the car were quick and affordable, and she advised that although there were a couple other things that could be fixed, one was cosmetic only and the other could wait until the entire light bulbs burned out, saving me some money on needless repairs.

Customer for life.

This is the second car we've purchased from Carter. (I have years of experience with this dealership. The first purchase was a Saab back in 2002 when they were still being made and Carter sold them.) 

I test drove the Outback 2.5i and the 3.6. Victor Nebre was our sales agent and he was great. Never once did he pressure us or try to up-sell. He made a concerted effort to explain the pros and cons of the various vehicles of interest. I would highly recommend you seek him out if you are considering a Subaru. 

We shopped around once we knew which vehicle we wanted and were able to get lower quotes elsewhere. However, we like to shop locally whenever possible and so gave Carter the opportunity to match the lowest price we got. They did and so we purchased through them. It was an easy and painless process.

I will also say, having had a Saab, that I have experience with their repairs department as well. I always felt well taken care of, issues addressed fairly and reasonably. The free loaner is great too!

My parents and I went there on a Saturday morning at 10 am and right away Archie came over to ask us how he could help us. The lot is quite small, but right away I found a car that fit the bill for what I was interested in. Although I came in with the mindset that I would not be making a purchase until I had the chance to check out other car models and dealerships that day, Archie was so professional, knowledgeable, genuine, and friendly that by the time I had finished test driving the car and sat down to discuss the more nitty gritty details, I decided that I would be most happy with a Subaru. I signed the papers and decided to come back later in the day to pick up my new car.

When I came back to pick up my new car, the front desk got a hold of Archie who wrapped up what he was doing so that he could personally go over the features of my new car. He was super thorough and made sure I had all of my questions sufficiently answered. He also told me that he'd give me a few calls in the coming weeks to make sure that all was going well, which he has done. I am very happy with the customer service I received, before, during, and after the purchase. I highly recommend buying from Archie and David, the manager. 

Thanks Subaru!

Can't say enough good things about Carter. Customer service is second to none. I wish every business cared as much about their customers (and the environment) as the Carter staff does. They're incredibly knowledgeable and courteous. Best car buying experience I've ever had!

This is what car buying is supposed to be like. So happy I went with Carter Subaru and couldn't be happier with my new car. This is the first Subaru I've purchased and Carter made the entire process special. When my lease is up I can't foresee myself getting a new car anywhere else.

Carter is pretty awesome for a car dealer but this review is really more about the experience working with the salesperson Marissa. I purchased a new Forester from Carter with her yesterday and had worked with her over the past couple of weeks looking at cars and test driving them. I'm pretty particular so I'm sure I wasn't that easy. It was a real pleasure working with her. I've purchased a couple other cars from dealers before and I didn't think I could not hate working with a car salesperson, let alone enjoy it. The most stress free car purchase I've had in my life! Marissa is a totally chill normal person that is just there to answer questions and help out - you would never guess she was a car salesperson. Totally refreshing.

Carter itself seems like a really good, respectable dealer. I have a friend that bought a used car there recently and the car had some problems. They fixed the problems right away, without any questions and zero cost. They are still a car dealer of course so they play their games with pricing, extended warranties and such. So on the special car dealer 1-5 star scale I would also give them 5 stars but that's only because I've never heard of car dealer that didn't play the pricing games. If there was a car dealer that just had a fixed price and no negotiation required, it would change the game. I would always go there. But during the paperwork and final numbers process there were so surprise fees or weird suspicious things that I feel like one typical encounters at dealers. 

If you haven't heard it, by the way, there is a really interesting episode of This American Life radio show and podcast that is about how car dealers/sales work. It gives you insight into their crazy world, but for me at least it actually gave me a lot more sympathy for car dealers/salespeople. I used to think they were making hand over fist on these things so I used to always try to negotiate like crazy and whittle every penny. It's a lot less stressful to just research a fair price and not have to play so many games.

I'm in town for my brother's funeral. My investment is on its last legs--I have to get an oil change, and tires rotated, or it's not safe. 

I go to Carter Subaru. I tell them I'm in trouble. They were friendly, courteous and fast as hell. They had my car fixed in an hour and change, just time enough to grab breakfast at Hattie's Hat--a neighborhood location that they recommended. 

*Then* they walked me through the whole point to point inspection that they did while I was gone and assured me that everything is okay. 

Take your car to Carter Subaru. You won't be disappointed.

Very happy with our experience with Victor and our new 2017 Impreza. He even stayed late so we could finish the paper work that night. Then showed us how to hook our phones up and all the new features.

I bought my Honda hybrid from Maharaja Motors three years ago and it was the BEST car buying experience. No hassle, no haggling, no overkill sales talk, a good price, and a car that's both exactly what I wanted and was in great shape.

My previous used car buying experience involved two hours of the sales guy trying to talk me into spending more money, and a muffler that fell off four days after I bought it. Women often get treated like they're stupid when car shopping, and that did not happen here. They also gave me money on my 12-year old trade-in, which probably cost them to get rid of.

Highly recommended, and next time I need a car this is the place where I'll go.

Great place to purchase vehicle. They become lifetime friends and always eager to help with any car situation.

I love this place, they have such good and honest people, Harry and Sunny are the most helpful people I know. There cars are fancy and really worth what they say it is!!

I purchased my Mercedes from Harry & Sonny at Maharaja Motors.  I cannot say enough good things about them.  They are very knowledgeable and most importantly Honest!  Excellent service and quality vehicles.  Thank you guys so much !

I purchased my Mercedes here about a year ago. They were so friendly and helpful, it was like being taken care of by family! I had just been in a terrible accident and desperately needed a car. The owner not only made sure I had a car to use in the interim, but he also made sure I got the exact car I wanted. And ever since then, any little question I have had, I go to them. They are the best. I always feel like I have family in the car business. They are the absolute best!

I had a wonderful experience at this dealer, they had no problem giving me a great deal and did not try to pull the wool over my eyes. I worked with Mandy Randev, who was an amazing salesman. He really tried to get me into the car I wanted, not one that would earn the most money. 
I was actually out of a car for a day and he offered to come pick me up so I could test drive the car, which I have never had better customer service.
The dealer also had no problem working with my credit union to handle the finances and took care of getting the car washed before I took from their lot. It was also nice that they transferred the car from their other location for FREE!
I enjoyed my experience and I recommend giving them a try.

This is a review on behalf of my dad, who doesn't have Yelp :) He bought a car from Mandy Randev yesterday and couldn't be happier! He drives his cars until their last leg, so it was definitely time for an upgrade and he loves his new Hyundai SantaFe! Perfect for his day to day since he drives a lot. Thank you so much for helping him!

These guys are great! I highly recommend buying a car from Enterprise Car Sales. The center console of the car I wanted was broken so they fixed it free of charge and covered the cost of the rental over the weekend during the repair. Joe was very professional and made the overall experience of buying as car stress free as possible.

Shopping for a car just got easier, no haggle and the greatest customer service.  I was shopping for a car and felt like I was on a shark tank. Legend auto sale in Burien became greedy and was charging e 24% with almost 700 credit score.  Hyundai in Renton was so bad (just the guy named, Max) we walked out while signing the paper works.  He tried to switch the numbers and got caught and next thing you know, he is talking down to us.  We needed a car so we rented a car from Enterprise, come to find out that they also have a car sales department.  Joe and Jim from Renton Enterprise car sales was courteous and very professional.  My next car will be from them!!!  Good job guys!!

I just had the easiest purchase of anything....EVER. I began looking for a car a couple weeks ago and was directed to Enterprise Car Sales. Joe Fleming did an amazing job reaching out and helping me find a car that suited my needs. The whole process was smooth and Enterprise went above and beyond making sure I had a new car to drive within a couple days of my decision. Living in Eastern Washington made the pick up of my vehicle difficult. Joe went out of his way to get the car to me. I will recommend Enterprise to anyone buying a car.

Wonderful place! Everyone was so helpful and friendly. When I first arrived, I was seated in a room and offered water or coffee. They asked me a few questions about the car I was looking for, the price range, down-payment, etc. The person I had emailed from the beginning about the car, Joe, drove all the way from home just to come and assist me. He was such a sweetheart! They took me for a test drive. I got to drive the car and they told me everything I needed to know with the car. The whole process takes anywhere from 1-2 hours, so don't expect a quick in and out. They do try and get you done as quickly as possible, with high quality service at the same time. Everyone was awesome! Thank you (:

I had seen a car on the website that was within my price range but it was at the Lakewood, WA salesroom and I would not have been able to get down to that location to take a look at vehicle. I used the online portal and asked if it would be possible to get the vehicle up to the Renton location and they were able to make that move. Mandy Randev got back to me that they would be able to move the car if I were interested and we made an appointment for a couple days out to have time to have the vehicle moved. 

I caught the bus out to Enterprise Car Sales in Renton. Got off the bus at the wrong stop and had to walk about 2 miles to get to the salesroom. It was cold and I was soaked and the first thing I was asked when I came in was if I wanted a cup of coffee or tea. I know this is standard in most care sales rooms, but it was extra appreciated since I looked like a soaked bird. 

The salesman that helped me, Mandy, was easy to talk to and kind. They were able to find me a finance option that, although not quite what I had hoped for, allowed me to drive home with the car that evening. Mandy got down to business and I told him exactly what I wanted. Answered all my questions concerning the warranties remaining on the vehicle and treated me with kindness and respect. The process took a couple of hours, which is always common when buying cars. 

The vehicle was exactly as advertised and the test drive cinched that it was the car I wanted. There was no pressure and they bent over backwards to find a finance option I could afford and would cover the purchase 100%. 

I was extremely impressed with their professionalism and their kindness. If you get a chance, talk with Mandy about scooters.

Chris was helpful and informative. Super patient and Jim in financing found us a great rate! I recommend this team!

Well, I don't mean to put my business out there, but after a messy divorce and a brief stint of unemployment, my credit had to be rebuilt. Meanwhile, my old car was on her last leg. I tried back in December to get a car and went several places before I thought of going to Enterprise. What a good decision! Rezwan Malek and Chris Potter worked with me. Although we couldn't make it happen that time around, for many reasons (all on my part), I knew I would be coming back. So this weekend, after getting a good approval from my credit union, I called and came back. They are awesome! No hustle, no fast talking. I was walked through every bit of the process with clarity and transparency. It took them a couple of days and they made it happen! I've got a great new pre-owned car with a wonderful experience. If you are looking for a new car, come to Enterprise Car Sales on Grady Way. This is the kind of business that will keep me coming back. Thanks Guys!

Enterprise car sales has been the absolutly best car buying experience I have had to date. I was turned on to buying a car from them through my credit union and when i went to look at there vehicles was informed that many people in my trade had trusted them with several car purchases. Mandy Randev our salesman was top notch, he never pressured us or gave us the run around. Mandy was quick to find the exact car we needed and didnt give us unreal expectations or try to get us into something that was out of our budget. I will be recommending Enterprise and Mandy to anyone who is looking to purchase a vehicle as well as be returning for my own future car purchases.

First, I would like to mention, this is my first review on Yelp.  My husband and I were so impressed, we could not skip reviewing them.

I've never felt less pressure in buying a car and completely satisfied with my purchase.  My husband and I are used to being attacked by sharks as we enter the parking lot of a dealership.  Not at Enterprise, we came in there with a plan of our own, a pre-approved loan, and our trade-in.  Jim & Sean presented us with a better offer that we didn't think was possible.  They were able to negotiate a lower interest rate on our car loan with one of the lenders they worked with and gave us a good deal on our trade-in.  We had several dealerships that we were interested in visiting, but honestly didn't need to go anywhere else after talking to these guys.  I said goodbye to my 2003 Silver Dodge Stratus and said hello to my 2013 White Dodge Grand Caravan which BTW is like spanking new and very well maintained.  With 3 kids and a dog, this van is totally awesome.  The customer service that we received from Jim & Sean are top of the crop for car sales men.  They listened to our needs and gave us the best possible deal for our family.  Yes, we will be coming back here if we need a second vehicle.  Thanks Enterprise Sales and God Bless!!!

If you go here, go see Chris K. Lee. This guy is phenomenal. He will find you THE PERFECT car. I went in thinking I wanted to buy a used beamer or volvo but walked out with a 2012 Mazda 3. It was perfectly within my budget, fit my needs for reliability and low maintenance, and was easily able to get financed on it. On top of that, Chris gave superb customer service and emphasized taking good care of me. Enterprise Car Sales is not your average dealership. You get certified used cars with very low mileage and clean titles that have been extremely well taken care of with no haggling, no high-pressure sales tactics and no pushy back-end upsells. It's quick, easy, and painless. Go see these guys, especially Chris!!!!!!

I purchased my current car from Enterprise Car Sales and have been completely pleased.  The process is easy (no haggle) and the website is easy to maneuver.  I'd done my research when I walked in - I knew what I wanted and knew that the price was unreal.  My car was listed at $2000 below blue book.

The cars are put through a 100 point inspection prior to sale.  I appreciate that because its was a rental car I can be sure that the maintenance was logged and up to date.  After review of the VIN number I knew that I had a winner!

The staff was fantastic - very nice and accommodating.  They sold my old car for me at a fair price and took care of the whole process with ease.

The car itself comes with a one year limited warranty (engine and transmission) and you can purchase additional warrenty type things if you want to (I didn't).

They called me about a week after I finished the transaction and made sure things were going well.  They also included a second set of keys  - always handy!

Overall - the process is painless and easy and I will likely use them again for my next car-buying experience.

Made a long trip up to W&D at the end of the day to look at a 2011 Outback. The car was in great condition inside and out as described, and a fair price based on mileage and maintenance already completed. Pat was quick and professional, and they were able to find financing for about what my credit union could offer so I could be out the door that night. I drove the car 50 miles home to Tacoma, no issues. Overall, the only issues I found were one blown fuse and it needed new wipers, otherwise this car is in excellent condition for its age. I have no doubt with proper maintenance this vehicle will last many more years.

We went there looking to purchase a car we had seen online. They let us take it for inspection next door. We dealt with Pat who was very easygoing and not pushy at all.
He was able to negotiate the price down with his manager. Overall it was a very pleasant, easy transaction. We walked out feeling stressless and very satisfied. Big thanks to Pat and Wheels and Dealz!

Had a great experience here buying my car. Great people, great deals, & lots of quality cars to choose from that have been thoroughly inspected by their ASE certified shop. I recommend this place to you and all my family and friends.

We came to W&D after a really bad experience with another dealership.  We booked an appointment, and Jorge Ruiz was greatly helpful in choosing the perfect minivan. He didn't get frustrated when i wanted to see alllll of the vans, and was happy to let me test drive as many as I wanted.  He and brion (I'm not sure how to spell his name, but it was somewhat unusual) stayed a few hours past closing to help us select and purchase our perfect van. They honored a pricing mis-print I found for the van (super classy, guys!) and we ended up with a fantastic deal. 

They put up with our two year old running around for hours as I looked and my husband watched her, and interacted with her to help keep her entertained. 

The only minor thing I would have changed was being a bit more willing to let me figure out how to do things: Jorge wanted to remove and move seats for me, instead of letting me do it myself to make sure I could. I understand that there is the "It will be faster if I do it" and the "Please dont break something before you've bought it" aspects at play, but it came off a bit more like not wanting to take the time to let me really explore the car. 

Thanks for the great experience! we really appreciate it!

Turned in by accident thinking we were at another dealership we found online but turns out this was the place we were meant to be. Greeted right away by Pat, who is different from other salesmen I have encounter in the past, he was very friendly and welcoming without seeming so pushy. Right away we felt really comfortable and he was helpful in every way. Pat was great at explaining everything to us in detail and did his best to get us the best deal. Then came Jeff who was super nice and funny I might add, made us feel at home....he was great at addressing all the details and I'm so grateful for all their help. We're happy and will recommend others! They made car shopping so quick and easy!

Came into Wheels and Deals after searching around for a good work truck. Pat put me in a 2010 Dodge Ram that was well below blue book price and in excellent condition. Brion worked with me on financing and even replaced the battery after the truck didnt start for the test drive, for free! Didnt even have to ask. Def recommend Wheels & Deals!!

After a month of looking for a mini van and dealing with some awful dealerships, my wife and I, finally found the perfect mini van posted online at Wheels and Deals.  So, we called Jorge Ruiz at Wheels and Deals to set a time to test drive the van.  We decided to take the kids to look at this van on a Saturday.  On the way from the Olympia area to Lynwood, our brakes went out in Federal Way.  We called Jorge Ruiz and told him of our situation.  He volunteered to pick us up and take us to test drive the van.  The Van was everything we wanted and we drove home with it that day.  Jorge was very accommodating to my wife and kids and took the time to address all of our questions.  That was a pleasant car buying experience and this is definitely a 5 star car dealership.  If you're looking for a great car at a great price, recommend you contact Jorge Ruiz at 425-787-3456.

Great experience here. Found the perfect car for my daughter. It was love at first sight. Everyone was great and got it for awesome price.

Absolutely love this place, and will recommend to anyone and everyone looking for a quality, well priced vehicle. The gentlemen working here place the upmost emphasis on making sure their clients feel like royalty--no joke, they will go out of their way to make sure you are taken care of; they did it to me, and I have no doubt they will do the same to anyone coming in. Absolutely love this place--I had no idea dealerships could leave such a great impression on their customers, but I stand happily proven wrong. Do yourself a favor and come here!

I totally agree with DW's review. These guys are as good as it gets and they are all local.  I also worked with Michael and William but also the "new guy" John and they really know their stuff, I was extremely impressed.  I told them what I was looking for in a car and what I was willing to spend and they showed me cars that fit that criteria and I have to say that was super refreshing!  I got awesome financing and a super warranty because they took the time to make sure I got the best deal that  would work for me.  Seriously these guys have great cars at great prices and will totally take care of you!  (I left with a smile!) I'll definitely stop here first for my next vehicle as long as Ali and the gang are there!  

P.S. They use 164 well water!

Just arrived from Hawaii, needing wheels, we made several possible choices.  We had a wonderful buying experience with David's assistance.  Greeted by the typical vultures preying on their potential victims at the previous 3 dealerships, surviving their attempt at bait & switch tactics, Wheels & Deals was a refreshing alternative.  No yacky yack sales pitch on why we should buy from them, he just showed us what we came to see, arranged for us to test drive alone for 20-30 minutes, and upon return, he allowed us to go out again with a different lower price vehicle for us to choose from.  Quick, concise, and informative to all our questions about both vehicles, we decided the higher price car, 2006 BMW 328XI in mint condition.  Thumbs up to an comfortable clean environment, we're sure we'll be back and send referrals too.

They have a great team - the guys I worked with were Michael, Bill W, Bill D, Sam and Ali. They are honest, hardworking and know their stuff - this group of guys have been selling cars for a long time and work really well together. I got a broader scope of options rather than going to a specific one car brand dealership. I was also impressed at how they all went the extra step to get me the best rate, the best warranty and also took time to find a car that fit my needs. And frankly they followed up with me really well too - which the other dealership salespeople were blah. I had to buy a car after a bad auto accident and I was exhausted, mad and it wasn't going very well. They made it easy. We liked working with them so much we bought a second car from them. No joke. So...here's a local business and great people to support - highly recommend! Plus they have a great coffee machine. Bonus!

I just walked into Bob Byers Volve on Lake City Way yesterday.  My car was hit in the back while parked, and the other guy's insurance may total it and give me cash.  I was looking for a new vehicle anyway, it's been a while.

My short list included most of the major premium small cars, and the S40 is on my radar.  Bob Byers is only three blocks away from where I lived, so after taking the car to the Body Shops for estimates, I dropped by.  Notice that I drove in with a damaged, hardly good looking 13 year old car.

I was greeted warmly as I walked in, and was soon directed to talk to Cliff, a friendly, well-spoken sales person for Bob Byers.  I am a young looking guy and normally got little attention at car dealerships (if not outright rudeness).  Cliff listened to my specific requirements and began showing me the ones that may match them in their stock.  I specifically told him that I was not going to purchase right away, and it was my first day of looking.

He explained, in good detail, the differences between the three S40s in the lot for me, and I settled on one of them.  As I sat inside, he offered to let me take it for a spin, knowing full well that I wasn't going to buy yesterday.  And we did.  He took me on the longest test drive I have ever been in (I have been in a lot of test drives, for other reasons I can't elaborate now).  We went through curves and freeway, and I got a very good impression of the car.  No pressure at all.

Cliff proceeded to explain more about the features of the car to me with the understanding that I am an engineer and I don't need much "marketing talk".  It was very refreshing, no nonsense, just facts.  And was he full of facts about that car.

As we returned to the dealership, he showed me the Certification (this car was a certified used) and the Carfax report on the car.  Again, knowing full well I wasn't buying then.  No pressure.  "Take your time and try things out, we'll be here if you decide on the S40".  I was very pleased with the experience, and I would rank it as one of the best car shopping experience I have ever had.

I still have not decided what to get (well, it's only yesterday), but this experience has certainly raised the bar for what I expect now from a car dealer.

I went to Bob Beyers to look at a used Volvo XC 70 and 90. But when I got there, I saw a 2008 Range Rover and kind of fell in love. Cliff, the salesman, came out to greet me within a minute or two and was very friendly without being pushy at all. I was walking around the Range Rover when he approached and gave me plenty of info, even though it's not a car they specialize in. There were a couple things he didn't know, but he offered to go look them up and get the answers for me. I asked if I could take it for a test drive and he said he needed my driver's license and proof of insurance. I was confused about why he needed my insurance... until he handed me the key and said to have fun. I was allowed to take the car out by myself! That's never been offered to me at any other dealership, ever! I was very appreciative. I prefer to test drive on my own, not making idle chit chat, not obligated to discuss all my feelings about it, etc. I kept the car out for 20-30 minutes and was really able to get a feel for it. When I got back, Cliff had the answers/info I'd been looking for earlier. However, I was very hesitant about moving forward because I'd heard that Range Rovers were unreliable and maintenance hogs. I felt like I needed to do some research. There was no pressure from Cliff. He thanked me and said to feel free to come back. 
I actually came back later that day. I asked to drive one of the Volvos I'd been interested in and again, I was handed the keys and told to have fun. Turns out, I still liked the RR better. 
Over the next 24 hours I did a lot of research on Land Rover/Range Rover and decided I wanted to pursue this. I asked to drive the car again. I wanted to drive it home and see if it would fit in my garage. He gave me the keys and asked if an hour would be sufficient. I really appreciated being able to do that. I also asked if I could take the car to a mechanic for a pre-purchase inspection and he readily agreed. He recommended a mechanic who was very close by that he said he had a professional relationship with. That would have been a red flag, except that I had two other people recommend the same mechanic who had nothing to do with the dealership. Cliff actually offered to take the car there and pick it up for me since I was working. The inspection was thorough. A few small things were identified, but none of them deal breakers, so I bought the car. The next day they had the car cleaned and ready for me to pick up. I walked in with a check and walked out, all paperwork  completed, about 10 minutes later. I also got all the maintenance records and history on the car because they contacted the previous owner and asked them if they'd be willing to supply it. Way above and beyond! This was seriously the easiest and most pleasant car purchase experience I've ever had. Hats off to Cliff and Bob Beyers Volvo. I've had the car a couple weeks now and Im loving it!

My Nissan truck broke down this morning.  While I called Ian to try to get my truck in, he walked me through a few steps over the phone to see if my truck would start before bringing it in.  (Says a lot right there).

After an attempted jump start, I got it towed in.  While an appointment was normally necessary, he said he would try to take a look and see what he could do.  Not only was he able to diagnose my initial problem, but he brought up two more issues that could be potential problems.  He was able to get everything fixed by the end of the day and his prices were reasonable.  While they specialize in SAAB, I  have a VW and said he will be able to do work on that one as well.

I live in Beacon Hill and it's so nice to have a mechanic in my neighborhood who I can trust and treats people well.  No more West Seattle for me.

Thanks Ian and Nate!

Nate and Ian are the best.  They do amazing work, are super friendly and fair.  I highly recommend.

Nate has been working on the car for years, always great to catch up with him. Thanks for everything!

I was buying a car off of Craigslist and brought it here for the buyer inspection, and I'm so glad I did. Troll Motors was extremely thorough and pointed out things I wouldn't have noticed - both cosmetic and functionally. The guy selling the car was also a mechanic and said he had never seen an inspection as thorough as what Troll Motors provided and said he would bring other clients there in the future.

They were also extremely knowledgeable in regards to the negotiation process and helped me understand what I should pay for and the seller should pay for moving forward. I'm very happy with the experience and will be bringing my car here for all future service needs. Thanks Troll Motors!

Troll Motors has been the best resource for my SAAB - they are knowledgeable, trustworthy and efficient. I am so grateful to have such a great place to take my SAAB!

I would highly recommend Troll Motors to anyone that has an import in need of servicing. Been taking my Kia Sportage to them since I bought it and have never had an uncomfortable experience. Nate and Ian offer great service and genuinely seem to care about the well being of their customers, which is an important attribute to have when dealing with mechanics. 5/5 stars I will continue to be a returning customer as long as I live in the area.

My father taught me to keep my car in tip top shape and I do. Thanks to Nate, Ion, and Bill they find things that I would not know about and let me that it is a problem and I always say , Please fix it. I would highly recommend Troll Motors! Joseph

Nate and Ian at Troll Motors take fantastic care of my car. They make sure I know what it does and doesn't need and what was done. I trust them completely with my vehicle's health and wellbeing.

Troll Motors is the perfect place for Saab service. That's about all they do. 

And they do it with care and precision. I wish I'd known about them long before last year when I first took my car in. They have found spare(used) parts for me like an essentially new back seat for my 2005 which my dogs had soiled. The price for parts and service for installation was really fair. 

They also handled a body damage problem after I was rear ended this last summer. They got the work done and checked out the entire car, and handled the insurance folks as well. 

Routine maintenance was handled perfectly. And they have free loaner cars!

Nate and Ian are friendly and attentive. They know me AND my car. Their advice and wisdom on Saab's is second to none.

Don't hesitate - this is THE place for service.

I've been taking my Honda Element to Troll for the last two years after being treated awful at the dealerships. They are reasonably priced and always get the job done quickly and accurately which is a huge deal for me. Never have to go back because of any leftover issues. They even have loaner cars which take the pressure off of finding a ride to and from work. Small independent shop that is reliable and attentive. Love these guys.

I had the 30k service done on my 2010 Subaru Impreza here and it was a great experience. I know they specialize in SAAB's but they can work on any car and they did a great job on mine.

I brought my car in for its 30k service and I dealt with Ian. He was very polite and knowledgeable. We went over all the work that would be done and the prices. I wasn't exactly prepared for how much it would cost so we discussed some options. He was very helpful and we settled on the work that would be done and he even provided a loaner car for the day, which was a nice touch.

Later in the day I even received a call from Ian, updating me on the progress of the car and letting me know that one of the procedures would not need to be done because after he checked the transmission fluid he realized it didn't need replaced. I bought my car used from a dealer and wasn't sure what services they had done on it but apparently they had already replaced it. He also let me know that my front brake pads were getting very low, something I had noticed myself when washing my wheels so it wasn't a surprise when he suggested I have them replaced since I would need to soon anyways.

When I arrived at Troll Motors later that day my car was ready and waiting for me. I spoke with Ian again and he let me know everything was good to go and even showed me my old filters so I could see first hand that they did indeed need to be replaced. 

My overall experience here was a very positive one and I will definitely be back when I need any other repairs on my car. It's always nice to find a mechanic that you can count on and trust.

Nate and Ian are a couple of very nice guys and offer excellent service for Saab cars and drivers. I had been shopping around for a place to take my 1999 9-3 to get my clutch replaced. They were able to beat the quoted price that ScanWest offered me and with equal quality of service. Furthermore, they provide a loaner car at no charge (besides the gas you use) for repairs that might take a few days. 

If you have a Saab that needs work I would highly recommend contacting these guys before you pay too much at another shop. For the same quality of work.

I had been meaning to go to Troll Motors for a while now.  I have a 2007 Saab 93 and have had trouble finding a reliable, honest and reasonably priced shop to work on my car, since I moved to Seattle.  Yesterday, my otherwise very reliable car just stopped running on I-5 during rush hour in the morning.  While I was sitting on the side of the road waiting for the towing company I remember Troll Motors. I looked out my window and could actually see their blue building across Boeing field.  I took it as a sign and had the tow truck take me there.  I met the guys when I go there and they were both really nice.  I was told that they would do a couple of tests and then let me know what was wrong.  I called a friend to drive me home as all their loners were out and they were very apologetic about that.  Before I even got home I received a call with an answer as to what was wrong.  I was quoted a very reasonable price and told it would be done by the afternoon that day.  AND IT WAS!!!!  They even did a couple of extra things at no cost to me.   I recommend these guys to anyone and am confident that I have found the place to take good care of my car.  They were honest, easy to work with and had perfect follow through.  Amazing customer service!!  Thank you Troll Motors!!!!    J.M.

If you own a SAAB and you need quality work completed at a fair price, look no further.  Nate and Martin do a great job on both old and new models and thoroughly explain what needs fixed and always seem to have the customer's best interest in mind.  They look  into used parts options if possible to find you the best price. Long live SAAB!

We've gone to several shops that specialize in SAABs and have found Troll Motors to be the most knowledgeable and affordable.  They have kept our old SAAB running great and have fixed issues others couldn't seem to.  Nate and Ian are nice, honest guys and we're thrilled they are here!

If you have an aging Saab, this is the place to go to keep your car happy and on the road.

Best Saab repair in Washington as far as I'm concerned, and yes, I'm including ScanWest.  I've taken my old C900 and my Viggen there and the work has been exellent.  Thirty percent lower cost than Swedish Auto, 10% lower than ScanWest IIRC.  So far, I've only had headgaskets done, no leaks in 15k miles.

They close up for what I think was a couple weeks at the end of the year.  Apparently they hold pretty loose schedules so plan your work thats to be done in advance if possible.

Bonus:  They rebuild racing bikes in the shop, check them out.  Pretty awesome machines.

Being a local professional, I have known Corey for close to 20 years.  He always treated me well when he managed Big O tires and now as manager of Eastside Motor Company, I have not only bought two vehicles from him, he has sold a truck for me as well.  Corey is trustworthy and super solid.  He will tell you like it is and is a straight shooter.  I appreciate his relaxed and down to earth personality when dealing with me.  He is brings a great attitude and ethics to the car buyer world.  Give Corey a call or stop by his dealership on Market!

I had a positive experience for being a single female buying a car.  Corey immediately put me at ease.  He was very knowledgable and I didn't feel any pressure.  I felt like he truly wanted me to get a car that would make me happy.  I would absolutely recommend this dealership for a good, quality car.

I did not end up buying from them, because the car I was interested in needed too much work, but they were polite, fair, direct, and accommodating.

i liked the customer service,  way better than other dealer i went to. great price in comparison to same car elsewhere.  they were family people, i bought the car for my daughter and grand daughter and they were very friendly and kind. would recommend and would return , flo

Tami ,your a wonderful dream maker !  Your a Blessing ! My 16 yr old  Daughter  is very happy and its  because of you !
Thank you ! for everything !

Rick

We have purchased not just one but -4 - yes 4 cars through this dealership now over the last 10 years and every single transaction has been handled with the utmost care - they have gone WAY above and beyond our expectations.  This place is amazing ...TAMI Green is amazing at what she does in the finance department there.  We keep coming back because of her and the crew she has working for her.  These guys are very fair, reasonable and work with all types of credit (as long as you have some kind of good payment history and are not a complete idiot financially).  If anyone can get you financed TAMI can.   We will continue to refer TAMI clients and purchase cars at this LOT for years to come.  It's all about who you love and trust and she defiantly has earned that.

The staff here is extremely nice. I came in for a car that was slightly over my budget but compromised to a reasonable price! Bill was even kind enough to wash my car for me before I took it home. Thanks guys!

Traded in my car and got a new one from here and had an amazing experience. They are absolutely the best! She gave me the best price and got me exactly what I asked for. I wouldn't go anywhere else. I have already referred a friend here and they love their new car as well. If your looking for a new car and an honest dealer this is the place you are looking for :)

When I first stopped in at Seattle Motorsports I wasn't sure they would be able to help me. All the vehicles looked out of my price range and my credit is really rocky. After I sat down with Deisy & Tammy I felt really confident that they would find a safe car for my family and with a finance plan that wouldn't hurt my pockets and would help to repair my credit.
I drove off the same day in a 2000 VOLVO S70 with 98,000 miles on it! I couldn't be happier. The car is in great condition and I am so thankful that the team at Seattle Motorsports was willing to work with me.

Couldn't be happier with my total experience here. I stopped by at first when i saw the car I wanted, but figured because of my lack of credit, they wouldn't finance me, being they have such nice cars. WRONG! Not only did they get me financed , but 2 days later, after the deal was already closed, Tami, called me back to tell me she was able to get special financing resulting in a $140 a month savings! This was after the fact. They already had the sale, but worked to save me even more. 
Jim, my salesman, got me the SUV i wanted and the total experience was great. I'll be back and will send all family.

If I could give more stars, I would.  What a great experience with this dealership.  Awesome telephone communication for days leading up to my purchase.  
We drove up from Portland to purchase a car here, and I couldn't be more satisfied.  Everyone at the dealership was beyond friendly, helpful, and very honest!  This was the smoothest and quickest car purchase we have ever had.  
A huge Thank You to the whole staff at Seattle Motorsports for the best buying experience I have ever had.

I bought a Mercedes from this place and traded my jaguar in. I don't think that they are at all frauds, but hey everyone has their own opinions. I was skeptical at first because I have had bad experiences before with car dealerships. This place was not one of those places and they were awesome at it. They even waited to close an hour after their normal business hours because I was at work and couldn't make it in. I just paid off my car and I am thinking of returning to them because I need something bigger. I honestly felt like I was treated special, and that's exactly how you should feel when you leave a dealership. Got what I wanted, left happy without feeling pressured. It's been a year and I have not had one problem with the vehicle. Now I have a newborn, need to get something bigger. And I am very blunt with my words and say what's on my mind so if your thinking I was probably a push over, NOPE, not the one. Thanks Tammy!

I've known Matt for some time now but have never had a chance to use him for selling/buying a car until very recently. First and foremost, Matt knows his stuff and when I brought him the opportunity to sell my baby, a 2004 VW R32 with 60k miles on it, he knew exactly what to do to market the car and create interest for my vehicle. After a very easy consignment discussion, I dropped my car off with him and it was literally sold that weekend. Being that the car was very special to me, I wanted to ensure that the next buyer would be passionate about caring for the car and Matt brought the right guy to the table and he bought the car as soon as he saw it. The experience was incredibly easy and Matt did a great job or marketing my car to the kind of buyer that I really wanted to sell it to. In my opinion there is no more customer friendly auto dealer in the Seattle area that also has such a humongous knowledge of specialty German autos that he sells. I will use Matt in the future whenever I sell another car and have already recommended him to multiple friends that are trying to sell their own cars.

Also, Matt has been helping me look for the perfect E30 M3 for some time and we are still looking, but in the last few years he has put more than 10 options in front of me, all of which were great options, but not the correct car for me. Matt and I are continuing to search and like I previously stated, I don't think there is a more knowledgable person when it comes to finding the right car for his customers and letting them know everything about the particular car that he is selling or about to acquire for his business. Honesty is something that is almost impossible to come by in the search for a used car but Matt is a full disclosure kind of guy and that is why I know that he'll get me the right car soon. We'll eventually find the right M3 but in the meantime, if you're looking for an honest and knowledgeable individual to use to buy or sell a car, look no further than Matt at Munich Evolution. - Nick G. Seattle, WA

After seeing so many cool pictures on the Munich Evolution Facebook page, I knew I had to stop by and check out their cars in person.  Glad I did!  

The owner Matt is a really nice guy - not pushy at all.  Their inventory is VERY impressive.  If you're looking for a pre-owned car in excellent condition, I highly recommend starting (and possibly ending) your search here.

Matt knows tons about BMWs.  When the time comes for another car (knocking on wood), I know who I'll be buying from.

My wife and I have bought two cars (a '95 BMW 525iT and an '03 325i) through Matt at Munich Evolution and I'm sure these aren't the last cars we'll be getting via Munich Evo either. We've always been incredibly impressed with Matt, his exceptional customer service, his generous allowance for test driving, the quality of his stock and his fair pricing. So much so that we can't imagine not driving a BMW, and not buying from him! 

Equally as impressive is his service when selling. I wasn't sure what to expect selling on consignment but again Matt made it incredibly easy and he's so knowledgeable that he could communicate the value of our car way better than I would be able to on my own.

One final note about Matt is that, if you are up in the greater Seattle area, Matt comes armed with a deep network of excellent and trusted mechanics and other service providers (not just for BMW but for Porsche as well). 

Skip the dealerships and give Munich Evolution a try, you won't regret it!

I've known Matt for many years and I'm proud to say he is a good freind of mine. I've bought and owned many cars and have alot of freinds in the car business, but Matt is probably the only guy I would buy a used car from. In fact I bought my last M3 from  him and he found my mom a beautiful X5. He represents the cars as they are and puts no pressure on you. Not to mention, he has some of the nicest BMW's and Posche's around. Like he says " he's the worlds worst car salesman"!

5/15/2012 Filtered

So lets say you are looking for a the absolute best possible example of whatever used BMW that you fancy. Say to yourself "money...is really IS no object" and show up here with a satchel of cash and be prepared to be amazed. Last I checked he had a Z-1. Matt, the owner, will give it to you straight as he knows the pedigree of every car he has in inventory. If he doesn't have it, you don't really want it.

Matt and Darren know their stuff. A great collection of Bimmers, but the crew is more than willing to share their experience and knowledge. They will be the go-to show to inspect all my future BMW's.

Matt & his Munich Evolution is the best little car dealership in town. Yes, his stock of cars is always top drawer, to be trusted always, but that is not as important as the man himself. He is unfailingly patient, good-natured, trust-worthy, and friendly, and he truly loves cars. Most highly recommended.

I bought a car for my wife from Jared at The Lot back in December 2016.  I was impressed with his honesty and trustworthiness.  It made me feel more comfortable given I normally purchase cars from owners rather than dealers.  I was happy with my purchase and would definitely hit him up again when I need another vehicle.  He can also take your car on consignment to make selling it easier.  They might even be able to do a trade in but you should check on that.

They clearly have good connections in the area to get their hands on really nice vehicles for good prices.

The lot was a great experience this is the second vehicle we purchased there no pressure everything to to work and a great experience we do it again if we needed another vehicle very upfront honest and no dealer tricks

I have purchased over 60 cars in my lifetime and have had many different experiences. This was by far the most pleasant and painless. We got an amazing car at an unbeatable price and the owner was wonderful to deal with. These guys have earned a customer for life. We bought a 98 land Cruiser that was so clean it looked like it was new. other used car lots would have charged $3-$4K more for this car.

Robb is the best!! thanks again sir.

Great deal!

I bought a dump trailer from Millennium. I wanted one for several years and they had taken one on trade. 

Robert (the owner) is a straight shooter. 

I appreciate their no BS attitude toward me and the sale. I got the trailer for what was a good deal ($1ooo less than everywhere else) and they even helped deliver it to my place in Lake Stevens! 

Thanks guys! Highly recommend!

I went there to buy a dodge flatbed and they where very honest and low pressure, I used to be in the car business and it was refreshing to say the least, I did not trade my 560sl in that day but would return to do business in the future

WOW is not enough to describe how great these guys. No pressure but they will go the extra mile to sell you a vehicle or will also purchase one that you want to get rid of.

I just bought a used car from them. Mj was so helpful when it comes to which car i can get base on our budget! Thank you Mj!

WOW!!!!  This place is GREAT!!!!!!  I've bought new cars and used cars, if you're looking for an affordable, new-to-you car, this is the place to go.  Their add says they have a no pressure sales team, and that is the truth!  We saw a car online at their lot.  When we got there it was nearing their closing time.  Terry met us with a smile, and was happy to get the key and show us the car we were interested in.  She was upfront about the 1 (and only 1) issue the car had.  Even though it was close to closing, she let us take the car out for a test drive.  She was not pushy in any way.  After we got back from the test drive, she did not try and push us into buying the car.  When we came back the next day to make an offer on the car, she got us the deal we were looking for.  But, I am confident, that even if one of the other guys there would have helped us, we would have been treated the same way.  They are definitely NOT your stereotypical "used car salesman"!  Next time I need an affordable, used car, I will DEFINITELY be back to see these guys!

I've been coming to Superior Auto for almost a year now, and they have always gone above and beyond when it comes to customer service. Here are a few examples:
  - One time I asked for an oil change + inspection, not knowing that an official inspection is different from the routine inspection that comes with an oil change. Even though they performed a complete inspection which was more expensive than an oil change, they waived the price difference even though it was my error.
  - Our car battery died over the weekend and we installed a new battery ourselves. We were concerned that it may be a bit loose. They let me stop by to dispose of the old battery that I hadn't even purchased from them, AND they tightened the fastening on our battery free of charge.

I come here regularly for my oil changes, and the price is very reasonable - around $40. They have never tried to upsell me, which I appreciate. Make sure to call ahead of time to make an appointment, as they only have about 20 parking spaces.

Great staff! Has helped me in a few really tough situations, even went above and beyond to fix another shop's mistake for me. Highly, highly recommend this shop. They will forever be my go to shop in Seattle. Thank you so much for your help today!

Being new to the area, I always hate having to find a new car shop to take my car into. I first tried High Road Auto that isn't too far from Superior Auto, and did not enjoy my visit there. So with another quick Yelp search, I came across this place. So far I have taken my car in twice here and have had great experience with the service they provide. 

Things I have gotten:
- oil change
- car inspection
- fixed broken lights

This place doesn't give you a laundry list of things to be fixed (but really don't). If something does need attention, they will tell you. I took my car in last week to get my back tail light changed and an interior map light changed and it was under $15. Glad I found a car place!

Fuck that guy Bob. I had a great experience at Superior and I feel that I can trust them, the #1 thing you should look for in a mechanic. 
Pros: 
- The do not try to upsell you on things you don't need
- They are honest about repairs, what should, could and doesn't need to be done
- Their prices are very reasonable after comparing other places in the area as Independent mechanics are significantly cheaper than dealers and bigger companies
- Positive costumer service experience
- Decent discount on first time costumers

Went to superior auto for an oil change while visiting Seattle. Besides my hometown mechanic's shop, this is the only garage I've been where they didn't try to upsell me on additional services while I was there -- a pleasant surprise.

The staff was friendly and timely. The waiting room had wifi and TV, and bathroom around the corner. Totally painless oil change for a reasonable price.

Thanks guys!

Great shop. Very knowledgeable techs. Quality work and fantastic customer service.  I know I can count on them to only recommend work that actually needs to be done. Josh got my car squared away for me quickly and I couldn't have asked for a better experience!

Took my aging 1997 Honda here for a tune-up after reading Yelp reviews. Very fair and gave me a list of to-dos for the future, including quotes for parts and labor, in order of importance. I've been checking them off one by one and they've stayed pretty close to their quotes.

Hats off to Superior!  I just needed an oil change and it was painless. I was able to book an early appt. and just wait for 45 min for my car until it was finished. They have a nice lounge area with Wi-Fi and a TV to do some work while my car was serviced. They completed it quickly time no problems and offered a discount for being a loyal customer. Bill, the mechanic was great in double checking that there was no oil leaking or any other problems for my 1999 Rav 4.  I'll be back... definitely.

I used to take my car to the dealer so finding this place on Yelp has been a gift. Whenever I took my car for oil changes to the dealer it seemed like my car was falling apart based on the list of fixes they would give me. This place is honest about what needs to be fixed and when it needs to be fixed by. I've gotten an oil change and battery replacement so far and am happy with both services.

Always super nice, fair and honest.  Can't ask for much more :) I'm happy with all the repairs and services done to my vehicle it is running perfectly!

Great experience. Jay spent a lot of time answering questions around what parts they use and pricing and was very patient while I shopped around to get quotes for some work on our Audi Q5. Their prices matched the lowest quotes I received and it was an easy decision to go with Superior considering how quickly Jay would respond to my inquiries and never did I feel pressured to make a decision or to choose them. They quoted the job to take a little over a day but they were able to get the car done in a day and kept me updated throughout on progress. All the staff I spoke to was very kind and pleasant to deal with. They also warranty their work although I hope to never have to use it. Overall a great experience and will definitely come back if any other service is needed on our car!

Knowing nothing about cars always makes me a little wary when I need to bring my car in - whether I just feel ignorant or like I'm being overcharged. Julian and Charlie were super nice and communicative, making the whole process very easy and not at all as stressful and fixing a car problem usually is.

I was traveling through town and found these guys on yelp. The reviews seemed good so I checked them out. Inside the buisness was neat and clean. The people working there were very friendly and genuinely took interest in helping me. 

What I thought was my wheel bearings turned out to be my rear differential. These guys tried and tried to find the parts but could not. They referred me to another company who was able to work on my car. 

They had every opportunity to take advantage of me, but instead went out of their way to help. They went above and beyond what was expected of them. 

I am truly grateful and highly recommend them to anyone needing automotive assistance.  Thank you again guys!

My car (VW Golf) broke down on a Sunday, and I had it towed to Superior. They were able to look at it the next morning, gave me a call to tell me the estimated cost at 9am, and at 3pm they called me to let me know it was done, under the estimate. What amazing service!

I've been going to Superior for regular maintenance and repairs for almost 2 years, and I've gotten high quality, professional and friendly service every time. Their technicians usually leave actionable details in their notes. I will keep coming back as long as I own a car in Seattle.

Definitely will be coming back and recommending to all my friends.  If I had the option to give six stars, I would. 

Had a coolant leak and made the mistake of bringing my truck to Autonation Dodge Service center.  I waited 1.5 weeks for an appointment and then they pressure tested my truck and told me I needed a new radiator.  Pressure test was $125 and then the radiator replacement was going to cost almost $1,100!

Considered doing the job myself, but called Superior Auto Service since they are in my neighborhood just to get an estimate.  Quoted at around $500.....half of what Dodge was going to charge me.

Ok so here is the best part.  I called them on a Tuesday night.  They say their next available appointment is going to be Thursday.  That's awesome news to me and a great turnaround.  I drop the truck off Tuesday night and don't expect a follow up until maybe Thursday afternoon.   I get a call on Wednesday at mid-day saying the job is finished.  Wait, what?!?! They got the work done a day EARLIER than it was supposed to START. WOW!

Awesome/fair pricing, quick turnaround, and overall very friendly customer service. 

I got my truck back with new radiator and unfortunately it was still leaking.  I should have asked for another pressure test, but didn't.  Went back to Superior Auto Service and immediately they tested it, fixed the issue, and had me on way in no time at all.

Moral of the story: Superior Auto Service gets a 6 star rating.  Autonation Dodge gets 0 stars.  Thank you Superior Auto Service!

Bought a used 2013 Mini Cooper from Seattle Mini this weekend and delighted to report that I had a very pleasant experience with Peter and his team. 

After almost buying a used Mini Cooper from another dealership that turned out to have a lot of problems when inspected by my mechanic, I was thrilled to find that Seattle Mini were true to their word when they said all their cars are in excellent condition. My mechanic couldn't find any repairs / maintenance needed and said it was like-new condition. 

I'm writing this review to share my positive experience and help you trust Seattle Mini to sell you a decent car. I'll be happy to recommend them to anyone looking to buy a Mini instead of risking less reputable dealerships. 

Thanks.

2nd visit since moving here to WA for routine service. I was again greeted by a friendly service staff, and treated in a first rate manner.  I could not be more happy with the swift service, the knowledge the staff possesses, and their zeal the Mini automobile line. 
Don't be afraid to schedule there early... I arrived for my 7am appointment and they were ready to go.

I went to Seattle Mini after speaking to many sales representatives over the phone at Seattle and other mini dealerships.... Even made a couple visits in person. I was on a mission to lease a mini "my first time leasing" having an exact budget in mind as we all do!! I want to say Seattle mini was not pushy at all everyone went out of their way to answer any questions we had, test drive different models on my own, and very accommodating and pleasant to my six year that was stuck car shopping with me ... Once I made my decision our Salesmen Jay and the Sales Manager Alae did everything to help me get me exactly what I wanted within my budget!!! I highly recommend Seattle Mini and working with Jay and Alae! They were exceptional to work with 
Thank you Seattle Mini!
Ashlee

Just had an oil change done. Service dept. promised it will be done in 2 hours and in fact, it was done before 2 hours. Shuttle service is very convenient and the driver, I forget his name (he's a new shuttle driver at Seattle MINI that just came in from Michigan), is very nice and friendly I have to commend him. I was sent back home when my car was being serviced and was picked up again at home by the shuttle service to get my car back. I highly recommend Seattle MINI's service department; they know how to treat a customer. Keep up the great job!

Since buying my Mini here nearly 5 years ago, I so appreciate that when I take it to their service department they're consistently committed to excellent quality customer service. So happy with both my car and this dealer.

I went to Seattle Mini with the intent to possibly buy a...well, Mini!  What I first noticed is I wasn't attacked by salesmen as I walked out of my car.  I was able to browse the small car lot for a bit, then walk in.  I was greater by the receptionist and told to help myself to snacks and drinks while she finds a salesperson for me.

A few minutes later I met Kay, the salesperson that I dealt with.  Kay was nothing short of professional and very all knowing about the Mini Cooper S.  I told her what I would like, however I didn't see the car on the lot that met my requirements.  She told me not to worry, they have cars "on the roof" and on a lot across the street on the other side of the building.  We went upstairs and I saw the car that I wanted.  After going over the numbers with her, she would go to her finance manager herself, no bullying from him trying to "make a deal."  

We haggled a tad, however the deal that I got was very fair for both parties and I was really happy.  I wait for 1 1/2 hours to have the car prepped and cleaned and I was told that I could just wait at the office or in the lounge until the paperwork was ready.  I was in-and-out of the finance department in less than 30-minutes and on my way to drive home with my new Mini Cooper S.  This was one of the best dealers I've ever purchased a vehicle from and I've bought 30+.  Outstanding customer service and a great car buying experience!

I would like to thank Seattle Mini for 7 years of exemplary customer service.  From the sales department to service department, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Seattle Mini to friends and family. We have replaced my beloved Mini Clubman with another brand of car only because my husband, who is a large man had difficulty getting in the new 4 door Clubman.

Huge thank you to Kylie who made my service appointment for me.  VERY impressed - thank you Kylie!  Even though it's more out of the way to go to Seattle Mini, I feel confident!

Go see Bill! Best car buying experience ever! Just bought my 2nd Mini. This dealership has great service all around.

My experience with Armadillo Auto Sales has been outstanding!!  I spoke to them regarding what I was looking for and within a week they had the car of my dreams on their lot.  They detailed a few extra spots and made my Mercedes ML350 sparkle!!  There is no room for improvement when it comes to working with Tyler, Bill and Todd11
Thank you so much!!
Sherry Beacham

Today I found myself going back to my friends at Armadillo Auto Sales in Lynwood to buy yet another car. For me to drive all the way from Renton to this car lot you know you know it has to be something special! I called ahead of time and talked to Tyler about a 2007 Escalade they had on the lot and he gave me the complete history and what kind of condition it was in. I was impressed with his knowledge and like the rest of the sales staff there very, very up front and honest with you. I went for a test drive, talked things over with my son and decided to buy it as a surprise for my wife. After her accident last year she wanted no more small cars!

Todd the owner put together a nice package for me since I have been a long time customer and bought at least 5 cars there in the last 7 years or so. I have to tell you Todd's whole team work together to make sure your purchase goes smooth and hassle free! No pressure, no salesman chasing you around the lot, no high pressure finance person talking you into something you can't afford. Give these guys a look, check out their nice inventory and I'm sure you will be returning customers also!

Thanks again Tyler for treating me so well from the first phone call to the last signature! Todd....I will be back!!!

John G

They let us test drive and look at the car ourselves. Not pushy at all. Very honest people with very reasonable prices. This was our first dealer experience and we highly recommend this place! Smaller inventory of high quality cars. Tyler was the one to sell us our Vibe and he was very kind.

Absolutely great! What more can I really say? Recently moved to the Seattle area from NYC and needed reliable car that I could pay cash for. After searching around online I stumbled across one I liked and took a quick trip up to Lynwood from Seattle to take a look. Will was an absolute pleasure to deal with at the dealership. Seemed very knowledgable about the vehicle itself and was happy to answer any questions that I had. Being as it was an older vehicle I opted to have the vehicle inspected by a mechanic of my choice before making any final decision, Armadillo Auto was happy to help with that process and delivered it to my mechanic on time. After the report came back, there were a couple of things that stuck out but all were repaired and taken care of before I took delivery of the vehicle. I am absolutely loving my little VW Jetta Wagon and would recommend this dealer to anyone looking for a decent used vehicle. Will and Bill were both great to deal with. I loved the dogs walking around the place too! I've never bought a car from a place that seemed to care as much. I've bought several cars from the big auto lots and they seem more about moving metal than Armadillo did... they have even checked in a couple of times since I got the car a few weeks ago to make sure everything is going ok! Thanks again!!!

Had an extremely good experience with Matthew from Armadillo. They had a car I couldn't find elsewhere and I live in Vancouver, so he had to answer a lot of questions for me.

I ended up (not generally a good idea) buying the car sight unseen. But Matthew was extremely careful to show me all the small cosmetic issues so I wouldn't be surprised. It was a lot like buying on eBay, he was overcautious if anything, and the car was better than expected.

I took a train up to near Lynnwood and he was nice enough to pick me up in the car, after hours at that. So I had a 15 minute test drive before signing everything. Nice guy.

Car has been great since. It's 13 years old so there's a minor trunk water leak when I park on inclines. An oxygen sensor went out after an engine cleaning. Nothing unexpected though.

Overall, great experience. I couldn't have asked for more.

If you need a quality used car, check this place out! 

I worked with Tyler to purchase my FIRST car ever and he was beyond helpful, professional, and polite! 
When I found the car I wanted, he made it happen. 

Highly recommend this place! Especially after dealing with a few other nearby used car lots.

I just really want to thank all the guys and gals at Armadillo for a great car buying experience. They where helpful, friendly and fast. It was amazing and they have great inventory. We looked for a truck all the way from Puyallup to Monroe. They had the best deal and best quality without any pressure. You guys are wonderful.

I did not end up purchasing from this dealer so I can't speak for the purchasing process. However, I test drove 2 vehicles (very reasonably priced) and was greeted quickly and the salesman I worked with was genuinely nice (such a relief when working with car salesmen). The I'd definitely recommend stopping by here on your way down 99 looking for a car.

Thea guys are so amazing! I definitely recommend getting a car here. Ask for Matthew, he is extremely friendly and makes the process as stress free as possible. We got an amazing car for a great price!

I found the dealership from a posting on Craigslist and I thought it was in Texas, They are actually located in Lynnwood, Wa. Right in my backyard I went to see the 2007 BMW, it had some miles on it but was in perfect condition. The price was fair and I was able to buy a Warranty on it even though there was over a 100,000 miles on it. I would recommend this dealership to anyone who wants to get a fair price with no pressure. The owner even had his dogs there, they said they were working too.

Picked up my jeep liberty today I love it the guys there are friendly and professional I would definitely recommend to friends and family great car great deal  go see Tyler !

I just got home with my new (used) dream car purchased from Armadillo Auto Sales.  I have been searching for this particular vehicle, an "80 series" Toyota Land Cruiser for many months now.  I read every regional CL ad twice daily, in addition to checking forums, and classifieds.  Armadillo had the right cruiser at the right price.  My experience was 100% positive with no pressure, and honest, helpful info about the vehicle's pluses and minuses.  They even drove the car some distance to and from my mechanic for a 3rd party check up.  They did this without ever having met me in person!  I would recommend Armadillo Auto Sales, without reservation to anyone looking for a good vehicle at a good price. Oh, and the price I paid - an excellent deal.  I worked with Sam in sales and Jim, sales manager. Both an absolute pleasure to do business with.  Thanks Guys!!

The staff at Armadillo are by far the best!! Grant listened to all of my concerns and proposed the best car. He fit my budget criteria, and safety concerns for my little one. He was understanding and didnt pressure me into purchasing something I was unsure about. It was a huge risk to take, and I couldn't have been happier with the support they he provided.
It was the fastest deal and most assuring deal.
I highly recommend this car dealer ship to everyone!
Thank you Todd, and Grant!

We were shopping for a decent truck, decent price, decent condition.  We did a lot of research online and found that Armadillo had great reviews so we decided to check it out.  We went on a Sunday night and Tyler came out and looked around with us.  He was low key, mellow and very complimentary to his boss.  He told us that he really appreciates his boss because he doesn't run the place like a "normal" used car lot.  He had a customer who bought a vehicle and a week later got a window broken out by a thief.  The Owner at Armadillo was giving this person his price on replacing the window.  He certainly didn't have to.  We drove a truck and liked it but weren't 100% in love with it.  Tyler told us about a truck that was coming in that we should check out.  It was an older vehicle, reasonably priced, clean and we bought it.  We are past due on getting this review in - we bought the truck in May but here we are - better late than never!  We had a great experience and we are very happy with our purchase and the service was great.

Traded in my truck for a 2007 volkswagen rabbit. They worked with me very well and gave me a higher trade in price than volkswagen of tacoma wanted to give me. I have had the car for 9 months now and have had no issues with it.

we spent our labor day weekend searching for a car. we've always owned Honda's (for as long as we both were able to drive). This is my 3rd Honda, and I'm very excited that we found Armadillo. It's a family owned and operated dealership; everyone we encountered were very welcoming and hassle-free. I mean NO PRESSURE AT ALL. Not to mention, our 1 year old was being a pretty loud guy that day and we didn't get any weird glances or side eyes; just a bunch of cool brothers (and pretty cool mother) that were pretty pleasant to our little guy.

 After visiting about 3 other dealerships we seen Armadillo as we were getting ready to get back on the road for a long drive back home (to Kent). The first car I seen was the Honda we ended up purchasing. My fiance' will be returning for a mid-size suv (probably the Pilot we also looked at). This dealership WORKS WITH YOU. I have no idea what the previous (low rate) yelper was talking about. I never ONCE got a "shady" feel from this group. 

The car needed a few minor repairs before it was considered PERFECT (new windshield, oil change and new sensor for traction control) and these guys offered to fix everything that day and we could pick it up in a couple of days, or drive it off the lot that day since it was drivable, and return at a later scheduled date to have the repairs rendered. We chose the latter, and everything they promised to fix they did. They even fixed something I failed to mention needed repair. We DID have to drive the car back out to them ourselves, but we didn't even think about having someone pick it up or having it towed since it was drivable. Even tho the warranty offers free towing. It didn't seem logical. But I guess if you're logic is opposite to ours you could give the dealership a low rate for being so far away.........on 2nd thought, nah, it's not their fault lol

As stated in the beginning of this review, I'm thoroughly pleased and excited that I found this dealership. I believe we'll be long time customers.

I was looking for a reasonable priced car for about six weeks.  I was looking through Craigslist and came across a nice looking car.  I thought no way is this right.

I called and immediately Adam took my call and answered all my questions.  Within the next hour I was at the dealership test driving the car.  

I purchased the car, the process was fast and easy and the service was wonderful.  They did everything they said they would do and more.

I highly recommend Armadillo Auto Sales!

Todd

I bought a car here two days ago(2016 Hyundai accent)I had a great experience. My salesman was Gianni. He answered all of my questions. He was knowledgeable and there wasn't a question unanswered. I asked a lot of them because I don't buy cars very often and wanted to make sure I knew everything I could think of. He let me test drive three different cars.... which I know was annoying but he didn't even think twice he went and grabbed the keys. It was a pleasant car experience. I would buy here again for sure. The finance lady was persistent with selling the warranties, but after all that is her job can't blame her for trying. I wasn't interested though. She did start her spiel with the fact she's obligated to explain all types of warranties. All in all I would buy here again. 

CHEERS GIANNI!

Pretty damn impressed how easy this buying process was. The sales office isn't pretty, and there is no cushy lounge with balloons, but the cars are as you see them and already priced wholesale, so no haggling required. I test drove 3 minivans before deciding on the Town and Country and they gave me a fair trade in value on my old car. Professional sales person and they were very patient with my 2 year old running around with me for the entire process. I actually found this car buying process much less stressful than a traditional dealership because there is no tricky math and you already know you're getting the best pricing on a 1-2 year old car that you're really going to find anywhere. I shopped around quite a bit and am very happy with my decision to by here.

Things to know before you arrive:
Bring your driver's license and proof of insurance.
Bring the registration and title of the vehicle you plan to trade in.
There isn't really flexibility on price since they are a wholesaler, but you can negotiate trade in value somewhat.
The whole buying process start to finish is about 3 to 4 hours if you have a trade in and require financing.
It's a very low pressure sales environment, luckily. :)

I had bought a car at this location three years ago. Their prices are usually below Kelley Blue Book values. I had a great experience last time except for the crabby finance lady. So I decided to come back and get another car after my car got totaled. I connected with Kyle Gaylor who was extremely professional and very helpful. He was efficient and answered all my questions. He got me in and out in a timely fashion. He was friendly and easy to talk to. He is down to earth and I will definitely come back here the next time I need a car. If you come down to this location, you should definitely ask for Kyle and he'll take care of you.

Nothing but good things to say about this place. The salesman I worked with was wonderful. No nonsense , just honest, no pressure sales. I felt like I was in control the whole time. The finance process also was so easy. They had signs saying it was easy but really it never is, but it was! I was in and out in two hours with the car I wanted at the price I wanted. Ill definitely come back here for future car needs!

Excellent place to shop for a car! They were quick to respond and very respectful to however I wanted to approach things. Sold me a great car and Billy seemed very "real" and down to earth. Had a great experience, recommended.

Was shopping around for cars this weekend and saw this 2016 mustang Gt at Apx auto brokers! Fell in love with the car the moment I laid my eye on it, and when Billy the sales guy started the engine up?! Can't even describe how awesome the sound of the car was! Any way this place is awesome! I would recommend it to any buddy who's looking for great quality car and deals that would help you financially. With Ameer and Spencer the manager of the place they will definitely help you the best of their ability to get you the car that you need no doubt about that! They both help me get the car that I wanted and on top of that they gave me the priced that I was looking forward for my Bmw that I traded in to help me drive home that new new 2016 Mustang ford Gt that same day!!! Can't sweat it enough! This guys are to go too when making life easier on getting your new whip!

I was shopping around for a very specific BMW for a little while. Finally I saw a Facebook post of an E39 M5 at APX Auto Brokers. I beelined to APX Auto Brokers and was approached by people who are very knowledgeable with enthusiast cars. After talking everything over and test driving the car, I drove away on my newly acquired, pristine M5 and I couldn't be any happier with the way I was treated. I don't know what people are saying about shady business practices and all that, but from my experience it was an auto enthusiasts haven with some very special cars, and knowledgeable, enthusiast oriented staff. I can only guess that the bad reviews came from complainers and people who don't know anything about real cars.

We love Car Club! This is our second purchase with this company. Drew Brown helped us and was so nice and so honest. The car deal was so smooth and we were in and out of there in less than an hour. We did look online first and knew which vehicles we were interested in before we even got to the lot. 

We do not have the best credit and to be honest our trade in was a piece of crap. Drew and the team working were not judgemental at all and did their best to get us a deal that we could afford.

I would recommend Car Club of Renton to the highest degree and actually will be back in a few years when my oldest needs a car!

Thanks Car Club!

I purchased a truck with these guys and couldn't be more pleased. I received honest advise and was steered to the most value for my purchase. 
I recommend this place!

I knew exactly what I was looking for when I got there and Drew was happy to take me for a test drive. He was friendly and personable, a very likeable guy. I am not much for going back and forth, haggling and whatnot, so they gave me their bottom line price. It was a bit more than I wanted to pay but the car had very low miles and was in great shape so I accepted. 

John set up the financing and in about an hour we were good to go. He was very knowledgeable and explained things well. I decided to fore-go the 24 month warranty initially, but after I slept on it I figured that the money would be worth the peace of mind. I was afraid that they wouldn't be willing to make any changes but when I called them first thing the next morning they were very accommodating and added the warranty for me. I'm going to stop by today and sign the new paper work. 

Overall the experience was pleasant and hassle free. Both of the guys I dealt with were professional and easy to deal with.

I am the first to say, I hate car shopping and I normally completely dislike car dealerships but I had a great experience at Car Club. I worked with John Hicks and he was extremely helpful and listened to exactly what I was looking for. Even though I have not yet purchased the vehicle I am looking for, John has made sure to stay in touch with me and let me know when they get a vehicle he feels would suit me.

I have been impressed with his ability to be convincing but not pushy at all.

Absolutely love this place and love doing business here.  The employees are relaxed and happy and one of the best car dealers I have ever worked with!  I will happily continue doing business with Excellent Choice Auto Sales!

Best used dealer I've ever been too. Very nice associates, great service actually scratch that, amazing service and very negotiable on price. Very friendly people and the most important part, great quality cars.

This place was great! Ross was very helpful in helping us get the car we wanted and at an amazing deal. Will definitely be coming back.

This review is for my first interaction with this company :)

I have been through the ringer when it comes to me trying to purchase a car with the first problem being my credit is pretty much non-existent/a few collections and second being I'm a first time buyer. I've pretty much been told "we can get you into a new car, however, you're going to need an extravagent down payment and an even crazier monthly payment..." No one ever takes time to explain why or break things down.  Well, I was at my wit's end yesterday and decided to reach out to Excellent Choice Auto Sales via their website.  Immediately, I was called by Ross who asked a few questions about what I was looking for and about my situation.  He invited me down to the lot to see what my options were and how he could help.  On the phone he was really friendly and eager to help.

I took a cab down to the lot and was greeted by Ross and another associate, with a handshake and a genuine smile. It was cold outside so they invited me in to their toasty and cozy office.  Again, Ross asked/clairfied what I was trying to do car wise and what my experiences have been about.  Never once did he give off a pushy or an eyeroll when I told him of my bad credit history.  He said point blank that he's going to run a few checks and see what he can do... not what he CAN'T do.  This put me at ease that he really wanted help.  

When he came back, he basically told, no take that back, showed me how the lenders come up with the decisions they come up with and why it's been so hard for me get a decent loan.  He showed me the few collections that were hindering me and that I pretty much don't have a credit score, based on lending scores.  He explained it in ways I understood and was comfortable with.  But the awesomeness didn't end there.  He told me how I can start to rebuild my credit and eventually get a car I wanted.  He found me a car with low miles and a great price. He told me that I had a few days before I had to make a decision, which was awesome because he didn't pressure me into saying yes or no right on the spot.  He knew it was a big decision and I appreciate him not pressuring me.  After talking about it a few minutes, he offered me a ride home and a ride back to the dealership should I choose to wanna look at the car he was telling me about after it was back from being inspected and detailed.

He was really nice and genuinely wanted me as a part of their family. What really stuck with me is that he said that most of their clientele are repeat customers.  That says a lot to me.  I'm not sure what happened with the other reviewers that gave negative remarks, but it sure doesn't sound like the same business that I went to.

I look forward to working with them again!

Well, I had to double-check the address and company name to make sure I was going to be commenting on the same company as the currently active reviews, because my experience was awesome! 

Excellent experience from beginning to finish. Here are some details:

We actively shopped around for a few weeks, and did leave our contact info with a couple of dealerships. Of the follow-up calls we received, the ones from Excellent Choice were very professional, not confrontational, not pushy.

When we came back to negotiate they were very reasonable, not at all pushy, gave us a very fair trade-in value and worked with us to structure the deal in a way that worked for our finances.

The vehicle has been great! We wanted to have it checked out ourselves and they didn't give us any grief about this, accommodated us without any hassle. And when we had it checked out, it was just as their inspection, no issues.

Miss Toni, Ross, and Juan were all great, professional, respectful, reasonable. We will go back again and refer our friends!!!

Amazing work I got my car here I love it recommend it to everyone. The sales people helped me real good they knew their stuff,  and I left happy

While I had some initial problems at first, everything worked out with them. They're an excellent company and people they treat you like family. They work with you to get a loan and a car you like. The mechanic there is top notch and looks over everything before the car runs off the lot, I would defiantly visit these guys again when I have stable employment. Was a pleasure to do business with. I'd like to give a personal thanks to Shawn, who helped me with the issue and getting everything resolved immediately.

We bought a car from them a few months back. Great service, great knowledge about cars, extremely helpful. They found me the car I was looking for in no time. My friend also did business with the and had the same experience. I will definitely go to them again in the future.

I recently bought a used Toyota Tundra from Anthony at Excellent Choice Autos. The sale was straightforward, I thoroughly inspected the vehicle during a test drive and was aware I was buying the truck "as-is". I gave Anthony my purchase window which wasn't for another week or so, he was more than willing to work with me. The GM, Sammy (possibly the owner) was willing to work with me on price and again was willing to work with me on my purchase window. Juan in their finance group was very thorough, made sure to provide me with all of the information about the car, available financing options and possible extended warranties available. My experience was extremely positive without any pushy or aggressive sales. I absolutely would recommend them to any one looking for a reasonably priced vehicle that knows what " as-is" means.

I was looking for a good car at a great price and found one here. Loved their service from start to finish!! Thank you for helping me when I really needed it most.

After picking out my car, driving it and getting acquainted with the finance department...I learned that good people could not have been within closer reach. I got an amazing deal for my BMW and had my brother, who is a mechanic check it after my purchase... And even he told me, I could not have gotten a better deal. I just thought I'd "yelp" a good company when it's deserving! Thank you ECA... you made my car buying experience a GREAT one!
